BS/MS degree in Computer Science or applicable program plus 3 years' experience
Familiarity with servers including Atlassian, Jenkins servers
Software development using C, C++, Java, and Python on Windows and Linux platforms
Experience with full life cycle development
Knowledge of scripting language development using ksh, bash, Python, Perl, node.js are a plus
Knowledge of network communication protocols, peer-to-peer architecture, and familiarity with DDS are a plus
Strong problem-solving skills
Profound acquaintance with MVC framework
Strong development experience with modern technologies (HTML5, Javascript, jQuery, AWS, Git, etc.)
Unix-based server operation and maintenance skills
Familiarity with IDE's such as MS Visual Studio, NetBeans or Eclipse is a plus
Strong oral and written communication skills; will be required to showcase work
U.S. Citizenship is required for the advertised position.
Hands on experience with Cloud services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform)
Hands on experience with Netflix OSS.
Advocate of unit testing, automation and test-driven development.
Detailed understanding of Agile software engineering principles and methodologies.
Our team is comprised of very talented and highly motivated individuals, who pride themselves on working smarter, not harder.
Were empowered to make local decisions, reducing the overhead of getting things done.
We aim for operational excellence, having a DevOps culture and a you build it, you run it mentality.
We favor a Lean approach to our product development, following agile workflows such as Scrum and Kanban depending on the directive of the team.
We welcome new technologies and are constantly self-evaluating our tech stack to make sure we are providing software of the highest quality.
Continuous Delivery is important to us and we are constantly looking to improve our automated testing and continuous integration.
You view software engineering as a craft and welcome the opportunity to share knowledge with fellow enthusiasts.
You find learning new technologies/patterns exciting and love experimenting with them.
Good enough is not in your vocabulary. You find innovative ways to ensure quality without restricting development speed.
You understand the balancing game an engineer has to play while weighing new feature development with technical debt.
A blank piece of paper doesnt scare you. You are excited to design products from the ground up.
For you, it is more than a job.
Java, Groovy, Javascript
MS SQL, MongoDB, DynamoDB
Grails, Dropwizard
Apache Solr, ElasticSearch, HornetQ, Amazon Kinesis
js, JQuery, LESS, Grunt
Chef, Vagrant
AWS
Software Engineer – at least 3 to 5 years work experience
Scrum or Agile experience
Required skills: ASP.NET, C# or VB, Web Services, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, Git, JavaScript, JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, AngularJS or similar)
Desired skills: MVC, Agile, DevOps, QA, Unit Testing, SEO, .NET Core, AWS, Continuous Integration tools
Effective communicator, positive attitude, dedicated, team player
Well defined career paths
Qualify for Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits on Day 1
Health Savings Account (HSA) or Flexible Spending (FSA)
Company paid Life, AD&D, and Short &amp; Long Term Disability
401K with company match after 90 days of service
Holiday pay and paid time off
Extensive Wellness Program and various Employee Discount Programs
On-site Fitness Center
Personal Health Advocate
Free soda, coffee, and drinks all day every day and much, much more!
Knowledge and interest in Agile development process
Familiarity and interest with Java database persistence frameworks
BS degree required (Computer Science, Information Systems majors preferred)
1-3+ years relevant work experience
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Java certifications preferred but not required
Knowledge of Agile software development using SCRUM preferred, but not required
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience required.
2+ years of experience in full life cycle of development of commercial software.
Web Services / SaaS experience preferred.
Public Cloud experience preferred, especially Microsoft Azure PaaS and MicroServices.
Functional skills in a programming language. Our preference is for the following: C#, Java, C++
Working experience in Agile development, object oriented design and development.
Team player with good communication skills
Ability to work independently as well as with others
Passion for continuously learning and applying new technologies
Knowledge of big data processing and data analytics techniques a plus
Experience with web application development a plus
Have great communication skills and love to learn new things
Experience with REST services, Subversion, Ant/Gradle and Eclipse
Eligibility to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI w/Polygraph clearance
5+ years of experience object oriented programming.
5+ years of experience with C#, ASP.NET, .Net Core, Oracle and SQL Server.
1+ years of experience with JavaScript, Angular or React.
Experience in Agile development.
Implementation of tools for data visualization across data sources.
Experience capturing requirements from end users and developing formal technical specifications.
Ability to manage multiple, concurrent initiatives, maintain own workflow and meet deadlines.
Ability to work in a dynamic fast paced team environment.
BS in Computer Science, Life Sciences or Engineering.
Integrating with a diverse team to deliver in an agile-like manner
Implementing new algorithms
Designing and building aspects of a web-accessible system
Prototyping ideas/concepts to prove a solution quickly
Expertise in one of the following: Java, Python, C++, etc.
Familiarity with containerization - Docker preferred
Proficiency with cloud Infrastructure - AWS or C2S preferred
Proficiency with PostgreSQL – or similar GIS database concepts
Experience with Linux
Experience building a scalable, web-based application
Minimum of 6 years' experience or 4 with Master’s degree
You are the proud owner of a TS/SCI SSBI clearance
DevOps
Machine Learning, data science or artificial intelligence
Front-end development
3+ years of experience writing code professionally (preferably SaaS)
Aptitude and desire to learn new technologies
Experience with any specific technologies (e.g., Python) is not a requirement; were looking for people with a history of leveraging any technology to create masterpieces. Current technologies we use include: Python, JavaScript, SQL, Object-Oriented Programming, Open-Source software development, Git, Object-Relational Mapping (ORM), AJAX, HTML5
Experience working on web analytics applications, search engines, content management systems or other Web publishing systems is a plus
Culture fit is important. We are a venture backed, almost 200 person company that wants to dominate our market. We work hard, and we want to be successful and make our clients successful
Familiarity and experience with the Agile methodology is a plus.
Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k, IRA)
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&amp;D)
Unlimited PTO
Family Leave (Maternity, Paternity)
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Training & Development
Stock Option Plan
Standing desks, cold brew on tap, and an A+ office setup
In a few short years WordStream has become an industry leader, serving thousands of clients worldwide – and we are just getting started!
Our award-winning software helps clients experience a phenomenal 65% increase sales and 9% drop in costs associated with those sales.
Pay-Per-Click (PPC) Search Marketing/ Online Advertising is a $70 Billion+ industry and growing.
Over 3 million businesses use Google PPC platform to advertise every day - and most of them need our help!
Maintains currency of knowledge with respect to relevant state-of-the-art technology, equipment, and/or&lt;br/&gt;systems.
Performs administrative tasks in a timely and professional manner.
Provides training on software if needed.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Bachelor's Degree in  Computer Science or related field
5+ years' experience working on Java projects
3+ years' experience  with Service-oriented architecture
Experience with  deploying and consuming web services
Experience with Java  Performance tuning
Project Experience  with Eclipse, SVN, Spring Framework, Maven and Junit
Experience working with back end databases
Experience with automated build and release frameworks a plus
Understanding  of Supply Chain and logistics concepts is a plus
Knowledge of Agile Methodologies a plus
Knowledge of UML, SDLC, XML, and object-oriented programming
Experience in C#, ASP.NET, Microsoft. .NET technologies
Knowledge of SQL Server
Familiarity with SCRUM Development Methodology and other agile development methodologies
Ability to manage simultaneous projects and meet deadlines
Ability to effectively communicate in written and verbal communication
Ability to work in a fast paced, team oriented, agile development environment
Must have a strong work ethic and commitment to constantly improving capacity to work effectively
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science with GPA of 3.5 or better
Have an opportunity to be part of a great team of professionals;
Learn and work in an environment surrounded by our SoftheonSmarts right here at the Center of Excellence in Wireless Info & Technology (CEWIT) building at Stony Brook University, NY. CEWIT is an unparalleled resource, advancing the science and technology underlying the next epoch of the information revolution (www.cewit.org)
Receive competitive salary and career growth opportunities that includes health care, dental, vision, life insurance, flexible spending, 401k and tuition reimbursement benefits package.
Java 8+
Spring
Hibernate
Groovy / Grails
Web Services / Microservices / SOA
Serverless Architectures
Responsive Web
REST/JSON
JS / Angular / React / Vue / Node
JMS / AMQP / Camel / Mule
AWS/Azure
Elastic
Oracle / MySQL / SQL
Agile / SCRUM / TDD
Git / Atlassian Suite
Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent work experience
Success working on high performance teams
Delivered solutions in large scale enterprise environments
Prior consulting or professional services experience
Motivated to continually improve your craft, sharing and learning every day
Exceptional integrity with the desire to create the best possible customer outcomes
Full-time salaried position with sdg, a 10-time Best Place to Work
Engaged teammates who care about quality solutions
Challenging and rewarding work with great customers
Abundant opportunities to give back to the community
Proud supporter of the Minnesota Tech Diversity Pledge
A company proven to make decisions based on its core values
A true stake in success. sdg is an ESOP, 100% employee owned
Year-round technology & social events to stay sharp and have fun
Membership in the best technology community in the Twin Cities
Hold a TS/SCI Clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph
Have minimum of two years experience or a Bachelors&#039;s Degree
Looking for JR, Mid, to Senior level Engineers
Agile software development with continuous integration and delivery
Frequent peer code reviews
Collaborative cross-functional culture with emphasis on continuous improvement and innovation
Local autonomy with global input and best practices
BA/BSc/MA/MSc in Engineering, Computer Science with a minimum 3.0 GPA
Strong analytical skills and desire to solve complicated problems programmatically
Must have strong knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Must have proficient experience in a programming language (Java or C++ preferred)
Willingness to interact and work closely with non-engineers in a constantly changing environment
Interest in the Financial Markets; previous knowledge is NOT required
Strong critical thinking skills 
Strong verbal and written communications skills 
Highly motivated
Team player
Ability to work well under pressure
ASP.NET (Web Api / MVC) or Java web development
SQL and/or no SQL database programming
ORM frameworks such as Entity Framework or Hibernate
Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, Google Cloud, Heroku or other cloud development platforms
Source control repositories such as git or tfs
Agile planning and tracking tools such as VSTS, Jira or Version One
Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD)
Design Patterns
Solution Architecture &lt;br/&gt; 
Global technology provider of IT hardware, software and service solutions
Fortune 500 company founded in 1988 with clients around the globe
$5.5 billion in revenue for 2016
6,400+ teammates worldwide
2017 Arizona's Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 2016 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal)
2017 Dell EMC Titanium Black Partner, 2016 HP US Personal Systems Reseller of the Year, 2016 Cisco Gold Certification in North America, Microsoft's largest global partner
Ability to interact with non-computer scientists such as lab technicians, biologists, geneticists and statisticians
Open source contributions
An advanced degree
Experience with JavaScript, Scala, Typescript
Experience with React, Angular, or an equivalent technology is a plus
Experience building applications within the Play! web framework
Experience with cloud-based IaaS environments such as AWS
Experience with complex distributed applications deployed on Linux cluster environments
Experience working with Clarity LIMS
Degree in an IT field
T-SQL
SSRS
VBA, VB.Net, VB Script, C#
Strong documentation skills.
Solid technical knowledge of relational databases and the ability to use T-SQL to write complex/ad hoc queries/reports with optimization/efficiency in mind.
Strong oral and written communication skills, good analytical ability and an understanding of business operations and processes.
Good interpersonal skills to interact with people at all levels, from operational staff to senior executives.
Self-directed, ability to be productive, effective and efficient with minimal supervision.
Ability to simultaneously manage several tasks.
Willingness to work a flexible schedule.
40 Hours/week
On call as needed
Medical, Dental, Vision, AD&D, company paid Life insurance, 401k
Paid Holidays and Vacation
Communication is key to our process, and we dont want to hinder it with walls. Many teams program in pairs, which means you always have another set of eyes to help you.
We practice test-driven development and believe that it helps us deliver simple solutions focused on real customer needs. We have no QA department developers test, release and monitor their own code.
We keep the team in sync with daily stand-ups and have regular &lt;strong&gt;retrospectives&lt;/strong&gt; to discuss things that are going well and opportunities for improvements.
We value unique perspectives brought by diverse backgrounds and experiences. A broad range of ideas and perspectives help us to create the best possible product.
2+ years experience building software or web applications with object oriented or functional programming languages. Doesnt matter what language, just a focus on writing clean, well designed and scalable code
Ability and desire to work in our collaborative environment: open team room, pair programming and fluid interactions with all products and operations teams
Interest in TDD and specific experiences using a test heavy approach to solve problems and create solutions
Focus on building solutions utilizing an agile approach: close relationships with Product Managers, communicating and digesting real time feedback, and working smart to build story cards on daily basis
Open dev days: every two weeks we spend a day working on projects that interest us and help us expand our skills and knowledge
Participation in the technology community: we help cover travel and attendance costs for conferences, and we offer opportunities and tools for speaking.
Check out our Careers page for more company perks.
Minimum of Bachelors degree in computer science, math or engineering from an accredited university preferred
3+ years developing Java web applications
1+ years relational database (MySQL/Postgres)
1+ years experience with Scala, Spark, Hive, Hbase
Worked with custom directives / formatters / factories
1+ years experience in Spring, Hibernate and Hadoop are a BIG plus
Strong Unix/Linux background
Experience with Java 1.6+
Experience with version control systems (Git, SVN, Hg)
Worked in an Agile project environment
Outstanding programming and debugging skills in Java
Excellent problem solving skill
Software Architecture experience preferred.
1+ years designing and / or implementing User Interfaces
3+ years HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Worked with ui-router or another similar Angular state framework
Production expertise with Ruby on Rails [preferred], Python, PHP, Java, JavaScript, or your favorite modern stack
Experience w/ single-page applications using an API
Excellent debugging skills & strong belief in automated testing and coverage
Exceptional analytical aptitude and attention to detail
Collaborative contributor who enjoys mentoring and agile environments
Passion, drive, energy, a sense of humor and a great attitude
Bonus Points: CS degree or equivalent; Active contributions to open source technologies
Bash shell and Perl scripting.
Experience interfacing embedded hardware using C.
Experience with Storage Area Networks (SAN)/ Network Attached Storage (NAS) products.
Familiar with AMD processors and x86 assembly language
Familiar with SAS, Fibre Channel, Infiniband
BS and or MS (preferred) in computer science or electrical engineering
BS/MS degree in Computer Science or applicable program plus 3 years' experience
Familiarity with servers including Atlassian, Jenkins servers
Software development using C, C++, Java, and Python on Windows and Linux platforms
Experience with full life cycle development
Knowledge of scripting language development using ksh, bash, Python, Perl, node.js are a plus
Knowledge of network communication protocols, peer-to-peer architecture, and familiarity with DDS are a plus
Strong problem-solving skills
Profound acquaintance with MVC framework
Strong development experience with modern technologies (HTML5, Javascript, jQuery, AWS, Git, etc.)
Unix-based server operation and maintenance skills
Familiarity with IDE's such as MS Visual Studio, NetBeans or Eclipse is a plus
Strong oral and written communication skills; will be required to showcase work
U.S. Citizenship is required for the advertised position.
3+ to 10+ years of software engineering / development experience, to include recent experience in agile software engineering environments
(or 1+ years experience with an advanced degree for a Junior Level candidate)
(or 7+ years experience with an advanced degree for a Senior Level candidate)
You must have demonstrated skill sets in in at least one or more high­-level programming languages (e.g. Java, C/C++), and at least one modern Big Data (e.g. Hadoop), ETL (e.g. NiFi), Data Science (e.g. MapReduce), or web framework (e.g. AngularJS) technology.
You must be able to work both independently and in a collaborative team environment, and meet required schedules and timelines.
You must have the ability to interact with data suppliers, work well with coworkers and teammates.
You must have outstanding skills in communicating complex technical issues and in providing comprehensive written, oral and/or digital products (including document organization and technical writing).
You must have good analytic skills and the ability to apply these skills in a multi-tasking environment where more than one project may require his/her participation at a given time (typically one primary project and one or two ancillary projects).
You must be located in or willing to relocate to the Northern Virginia area (Positions will be located in Reston and Chantilly Virginia).
Experience with commercial cloud services, such as Amazon Web Services; Specific experience with implementing and deploying applications and services on Commercial Cloud Services (C2S) is highly desired.
Experience with and/or certification on the Cloudera platform.
Other desired technologies:
RESTful Web Sevices, parallel programming
Web Framworks: ReactJS, NodeJS
Big Data: Accumulo, Apache Solr
Data Science: Spark, R, Python, Scala
Experience with software design and implementation compliant with Risk Management Framework (RMF) requirements and ICD 503, including familiarity with IC PKI and Attribute Based Access Control.
Previous experience with National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) programs, or other IC software engineering projects.
Good oral and written communication skills.
BS degree (BSEE or BSCS strongly preferred, MSCS a plus) or the equivalent in training and experience.
Coursework or experience relating to software development practices.
Coursework or experience in Java/C/C++ and/or any scripting language (Python, Perl, Shell, Ruby, PHP).
Coursework or experience with computer networking, Ethernet, IP, VLANs, or telecom a plus.
Software Engineering specifics include: In-depth experience in the design, development and implementation of software solutions (application, cloud, IoT, etc); Understanding of Solution Development Lifecycles (ex: Agile Development, XPlanning, traditional waterfall, etc.); Knowledge and demonstrated experience of Quality Assurance and testing methods; & Skills in rapid prototyping.
General: Ability to work effectively in diverse, foreign, and multi-cultural environments; Ability to creatively solve problems; Solid English oral and written communication skills.
In addition to the above, all HP employees are expected to: Promote teamwork; Maintain a clean, safe, and unobstructed work area, practicing good safety habits, and utilize appropriate safety equipment; Provide customers with the highest quality of products and services; & Promote the HP Way!
Experience with agile or other rapid application development methods (Continuous Delivery)
Expert knowledge of Java and Java servlet technologies
Expert understanding of and experience with MVC frameworks
Proficiency in SQL, JPA/Hibernate. Schema design a plus.
Experience building dynamic web user interfaces using AJAX, JavaScript, and jQuery, Backbone or Angular. React experience a big plus.
Use of Git, Maven, IntelliJ, and familiarity with continuous integration practices.
Able to communicate and work effectively in a team environment
Excellent written and verbal communications
US Citizenship or Permanent US Resident
Bachelors in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience
2+ years of Java software development
Strong written and verbal communication skills; able to speak to business owners, end users, and engineers alike
Ability to work individually and in a team environment
Self-motivated and able to handle responsibilities without consistent oversight
Proven work experience as a computer software engineer or software developer
Hands on experience in designing interactive applications
Ability to develop software in C, C++, C#, Java or other selected languages
Excellent knowledge of Relational Databases, SQL and ORM technologies (JPA2, Hibernate)
Experience in developing web applications using at least one popular web framework (JSF, Wicket, GWT, Spring MVC)
Experience with test-driven development
Mastery in software engineering tools
Ability to document requirements and specifications
Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes
BS Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent
Minimum 5 years industry experience (tech, not utility specific)
Build products that genuinely affect the way people find a quality place to live
Work on initiatives that are among the highest priorities
Collaborate with multiple teams across all of our consumer brands
Have a clear path to grow your career
Have your ideas thoughtfully considered and potentially make it into a product
Use modern front end development practices
Comfortable and confident when it comes to setting technical direction, performing code reviews, answering questions, and guiding more junior engineers
Can empathize with the many different types of people who use our clients products
Ideally have 5+ years of experience or its equivalence in a software engineering role
Enjoy building UIs with modern tools like ES6, React, Redux, and Webpack
Have the ability to solve complex problems with practical, maintainable, and scalable solutions
Care about quality and testing
Have self awareness and a dream to continually improve
Work on a very well respected, highly regarded and award winning team responsible for some of the most innovative products in the insurance industry!
Develop products that make a significant impact to the company's bottom line!
Enjoy company sponsored training, conferences, and certification reimbursement!
Company sponsored breakfast catered to the office daily!
Flexible work hours!
Paired programming methodology with a major emphasis on test driven development (TDD)!
You have 3+ years of software development experience (core language: Java) in an Agile environment, preferably using Test Driven Development (TDD)
You have at least 3+ years developing highly responsive back-end applications and working in paired-programming environments
You have strong Unit testing experience
You have in-depth working experience with enterprise level, high-availability application development
You have experience developing/consuming Web Services (REST, SOAP, JSON) and APIs (Service-oriented architectures)
Use object-oriented design (OOD) patterns for separation of concerns, code reusability, security and performance
Work with JavaScript frameworks such as ReactJS, Angular and Node.js
Consistently develop clean, well architected code in core Java
Work with Spring Boot Frameworks
Use of continuous integration and deployment tools such as Jenkins, Concourse CI and/or Gradle
Strong understanding of testing methodologies such as functional, SOA and performance testing
Experience designing applications – in many iterations you will not receive a full spec and will need to feel comfortable thinking things through, filling in the blanks and iterating across sprints as we receive feedback from customer interactions
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work independently, or as part of a team.
Ability to troubleshoot and performance tune software code.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills.
Strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and a careful approach to handling issues.
BA/BS in Computer Science.
2+ years of experience coding in a commercial environment.
Knowledge of general programming methodologies, processes and best practices. 
Requires knowledge of object-oriented programming.
Experience with .NET and C#.
Understanding of industry standards, best practices, and emerging technologies.
Understanding of related software and platforms.
Ability and desire to learn new technologies.
Solid knowledge of Windows operating systems.
Able to effectively convey technical aspects to Senior Leadership and other members of the software team.
Love to build and ship end-to-end features that are used by millions of users
Enjoy integrating, configuring, and tuning NoSQL data stores such as Solr and Cassandra
Transform UI designs and mockups into features users love using CSS3 and JavaScript frameworks
Emphasize simplicity and pragmatism, reflected in your elegant code which other developers emulate
Help make education accessible to people who need it
Enjoy a fun, casual and collaborative working environment
Join a profitable and financially stable company
Help guide company decisions and direction
See results of your work in days, not years
Have your work impact 30+ million web visitors each month
Grow professionally with our training and skill development programs
Work with other talented and passionate team members
Competitive compensation (including salary and bonus plan)
401(k) retirement plan with employer matching
20 days of flexible paid time off annually (increases to 30 days over 5 years)
Additional 10 paid holidays annually
Flexible work schedules
Comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans (we pay 100% of premiums)
Fully subsidized Caltrain pass
Tuition reimbursement and gift matching programs
Stocked kitchen and beverages provided
Company sponsored gym memberships
Company sponsored Friday happy hour to celebrate weekly accomplishments
2+ years of professional software engineering experience preferred.
B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field or equivalent experience.
Proficiency in:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Building and securing RESTful APIs.
Scalable systems.
SQL and relational databases (NoSQL experience is a plus).
Experience with industry standard languages like Java, Go, Javascript, or C#.
Proficiency with Git and tooling from the Git ecosystem.
Proven experience with unit testing, profiling, and performance tuning.
Focused high energy and an aptitude for learning new technologies.
Exceptional debugging, testing, and problem solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Experience with microservice based architecture is preferred.
Health, Vision, and Dental plans administered through Select Health, VSP, and Educators Mutual Insurance.
Health Savings Account with up to $1,750.00 Employer Contribution for Employee +Family.
PTO accrual of 15 days year one, 19 days year two, and 22 days year three and beyond.
401K with 3% Employer match.
Life and AD&D Insurance Employer pays 100%.
Voluntary Life insurance.
Short-Term Disability.
Long-Term Disability Employer pays 100%.
Group Voluntary Hospital & Critical illness plans.
Employee Assistance Program.
An on-site fitness facility, with yoga, crossfit and total body work-outs, lead by instructors!
Bagel Tuesday, Monthly Birthday Lunches, Team lunches, Food Trucks, Unlimited soda and snacks, Ping-pong, Foosball, Mario Kart, Hover boards, and opportunities to go on an all expenses paid trip!
An on-site fitness facility, with yoga, crossfit and total body work-outs, lead by instructors!
Charity Donation matching -- we match, dollar-for-dollar, charitable donations up to $250 per Solutionary, per year.
Good communication skills
Develop microservices that provides fast and efficient data exchange
Design software based on a service oriented architect (SOA).
Work with internal and external teams to gather requirements and create solutions
The ability to effectively take direction and work both collaboratively and autonomously
Bachelors Degree or 4 plus years of related experience
Excellent written and verbal communications skills.
Strong organizational skills and an attention to detail
Knowledge of Linux based operating systems
Experience in agile software development methodology
Experience in software development with focused on microservice architectures and APIs.
Masters Degree or 6 plus years of related experience
Experience in large volume data processing
Experience creating a large scale, distributed software
Experience in software development with focused on microservice architectures.
Experience in agile software development methodology
Experience in developing application programming interfaces (APIs)
Knowledge of distributed systems and cloud services
Hands on experience with authentication protocols (OAuth2, OIDC, JWT, SAML)
Hands on experience with Cloud services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform)
Hands on experience with Netflix OSS.
Demonstrated ability to lead or drive a project with sound technical and design skills.
Demonstrated leadership and communication skills, including an ability to look forward and anticipate problems and assess risk.
Excellent mentoring skills and the desire to contribute to efforts beyond the scope of the day-to-day project work.
Advocate of unit testing, automation and test-driven development.
Detailed understanding of Agile software engineering principles and methodologies.
Software Engineer with a passion for DevOps
Solid understanding of Windows development, debugging, administration and automation frameworks - C#/.NET, PowerShell, Chef, Puppet.
Experience with logging platforms and application performance metrics a plus - NewRelic, Splunk, SumoLogic, App Insights Analytics.
Experience with source control and continuous integration tools a plus - Git/Stash, BitBucket, Jenkins.
Hands on experience public cloud providers - Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, IBM Softlayer
2+ years of experience building Cloud services and distributed systems deployment, monitoring, scaling, debugging, etc.
BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Should be able to adapt communication style to suit different audiences
Knowledge about network protocol like HTTP/HTTPS, TCP/IP and network programming
Work with the team to conceive, develop, deploy, and maintain solutions to meet business and technical requirements
Application development
Unit testing
Performing other related duties.
Bachelor's degree
Programming experience in any Object Oriented Programming Language (i.e. C++, C#, Java/J2EE, Microsoft.NET, etc.)
Knowledge of design patterns
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to comprehend complex programming and data structures
Team player, self-motivated and eager to learn; must be able to work and contribute to a group
Strong passion to learn new technologies
Motivated and creative problem solvers
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
15 PTO days
8 paid predetermined holidays
401K
Fully covered health benefits (%100 company contribution), including major medical, dental, vision, accident, critical illness and life insurance
Technology focused, fast paced working environment
Professional team atmosphere with motivated, career-driven professionals as co-workers
Expansion and growth with one of the top health insurance marketing companies in the nation
H1B Visa transfers available
Experienced: you have a BS degree (or equivalent professional experience) in Computer Science or related engineering field with at least 5 years of hands on experience.
A coding champion: your prowess in a multitude of programming languages such as Go, Node.js, and C#, empower your understanding of the challenges of building large-scale systems.
Not afraid of Linux and/or Windows: you have experience with system-analysis, configuration, and troubleshooting in either OS.
Passionate about APIs and automation: you love building APIs that enable people and computers to do more with less effort.
Ambitious: you boldly go where no man or woman has gone before; GraphQL, Consul.io, Vault.io, Hubot, Docker, Mesos, InfluxDB, TICK, Prometheus etc. might not be technologies youve used, but you are keen to learn and grow.
Adaptable: you are capable of adjusting to new challenges, and experimentation is in your blood.
Develop and deliver groundbreaking tools and api solutions that enable our teams and systems to scale to meet the large scale and real-time requirements of our Imagination Platform and ultimately ensure our community has an awesome experience anywhere in the world.
Identify and solve critical problems and prevent them from reoccurring via root cause analysis and automation.
Create, influence, and improve the development platform, infrastructure, standards, and methods to ensure our goals of scalability and high availability.
Develop and share best practices with development teams to improve the scalability and reliability of the Imagination Platform.
Work with an innovative team that is currently distributed throughout the US and Canada, and soon to be globally.
While we are growing at our current pace, you may be asked to participate in the on-call rotation for critical infrastructure pieces.
Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage
A rewarding 401k program
Flexible vacation policy
Free catered lunches five times a week and several fully stocked kitchens with unlimited snacks
Onsite fitness center and fitness program credit
Annual CalTrain Go Pass
A super-cool Roblox Admin badge for your avatar
Rock star status with our community
Minimum BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Computer, Software Engineering or a similar degree program from an accredited college or university.
Prior internship work at a software product development company is a plus
Software development in a structured environment
Proficient use of programming languages and development tool sets (examples C++, SQL, Python, Rhapsody)
Software component/unit test, integration and debugging
Requirements analysis and traceability
Configuration and document management
Software Metrics and Development Artifacts experience (independent assessment/CMMI standards)
Architecture and interface design experience desired (examples MagicDraw, Matlab/Simulink)
Model based systems engineering experience to support hardware in the loop integration desired (examples DODAF, UPDM, SysML)
An active secret clearance is required.
Bachelors or Master&#039;s degree in Science or equivalent
5 years of experience or more in software development
Expert in C/C++ programming, including STL
Experience in multi-threaded application as well as sockets
Experience in scalable architectures and high-throughput application design
Comfortable with Linux and bash scripting
Natural Language Processing (ontology, morphological analysis, machine learning, related statistics, named entity recognition)
Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, Hadoop, Hive)
Semantic web technologies (OWL, RDF, microformats, microdata, triple stores, SPARQL)
Exposure to Lua language
Bachelors degree required in Computer Science
Experience with Android or iOS development
Experience with Android or iOS UI frameworks
Experience with one or more of the following: iOS SDK, Swift, iCloud, Cocoa Touch, development in XCode, Android SDK or Android Studio
Experience with Java, Objective-C and C++
Excellent Debugging skills to solve challenging problems
Experience/knowledge in mobile application software development tools (e.g. GIT, Gerrit, JBOSS, …), testing, process (agile, kanban) and configuration management is a plus
Strong written and oral communication skills
Understanding of small set of Algorithms such as Sat solvers and ILP and willingness to learn more
Ability to deal with large data sets and utilize / create data management and visualization tools.
Ability to work in team environment both within local group and remote group members. Requires good communication skills and patience.
Strong problem solving skills and able to learn and work on many different types of projects.
Design, code, test and debug new software using C#, WPF, XAML and the .NET Framework.
Collaborate with Requirements, SQA and other development teams to ensure solutions are efficient, consistent and fulfill business needs
Participate in requirement reviews and analysis & design reviews
Refactor existing software
Apply generally accepted programming standards and techniques to ensure efficient program logic and data manipulation.
Attendance during regular work hours and overtime as required.
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or related field.
Experience with C# and the .NET Framework.
Knowledge of data structures and strong understanding of object-oriented principles.
A working knowledge of SQL.
Knowledge of WPF and XAML is desirable though not required.
Ability to interact professionally with others; including co-workers, vendors and customers.This position can be located in the office of MiTek in the Chesterfield, MO or Greenwood Village CO locations.
This position can be located in the office of MiTek in the Chesterfield, MO or Greenwood Village CO locations.
BS Degree in a related field (e.g., computer science, software engineering, mathematics) and at least 2 years of relevant experience.
Fluent in one or more high-level languages (e.g., Java, C#/.NET, Python, JavaScript, C++)
Experience with modern software methodologies (e.g., Agile, Scrum, Kanban)
Working knowledge of Source Control systems (Git and/or Subversion)
A desire to continually learn and master new technologies
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Must obtain a DoD Secret Clearance
Experience with cloud (e.g., Amazon Web Services) and/or RESTful architectures
Experience with DevOps tools (e.g., Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Maven, Jenkins)
Experience with VMs and Containers (e.g., Docker)
Ability to develop systems that meet architectural objectives including reusable, scalable code
Analytical and detail oriented minds
Self-motivated and creative problem-solvers
Fans of collaborative coding
A passion for learning new languages (Go,C#, AWS and more!)
Matching 401(k) Plan
Untracked PTO and Flexible Working Schedules
Amazing medical, dental and vision coverage
Subsidized meals at our onsite cafes, smoothie and coffee bars
Fitness Center, spin studio, basketball court, bowling alley, and yoga studio
A casual dress code
Bachelors degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or related field. Two (2) years related experience and/or training preferred.
Required knowledge of C#, MVVM Design Patterns, and Web Service Development – with demonstrated project experience utilizing these technologies.
Desired skills include XAML, Windows 10 / Microsoft Universal Application Development, WPF, Javascript, JSON, ASP .NET, HTML 5 and/or REST services.
Willingness to travel to customer, vendor and industry meeting locations, if required.
Design, write, debug, test, and document software applications and configurations relating to customer project solutions and/or product solutions.
Modify, debug, and test existing programs written by various authors in varying styles in an efficient manner.
Work with end users on gathering requirements.
Work and communicate effectively with project managers and team members.
Provide user friendly training, support and follow-up as necessary.
Follow the software development process methodology.
Remain current on emerging technologies.
Contribute to other projects and plans, not specifically noted above, to achieve the goals of the Company.
Medical w/ Health Savings Account, Dental, Vision, Disability, Life (plus more voluntary plans)
401(k) with generous company match
Paid time off (vacation, sick, floating holidays)
Seeking all experience levels; Junior (0-5 years), Mid-Level (5-10 years) and Senior (10+ years)
Experience in object-oriented languages and associated tooling, i.e. C++, Java or C#/.NET
Front-end web development experience using HTML5, Javascript, and CSS
Implementation of web application back-ends to store and serve user input using DBMS
Ability to rapidly implement web-based applications from wireframe mockups and design prototypes
Ability to work well in a dynamic, fast-paced team environment
US Citizenship and a current DoD SECRET security clearance is required.
Experience utilizing databases relational and non-relational in nature, such as Oracle, PostgreSQL, H2, MySQL, MongoDB, and SQL Server
A deep knowledge of object-oriented design including architectural best practices and design patterns
Experience with service-oriented application architectures, specifically RESTful microservices
Development of Android and iOS mobile applications
Knowledge of XML, XSLT, DTDs, schemas, and related technologies
Experience with SPA frameworks such as Angular and React
Scripting languages, such as Python and Ruby
Linux server administration and configuration of CI/CD solutions
Experience working in agile environments, specifically on a Scrum team utilizing Atlassian software
Experience with JMPS Framework, or JMPS UPC and development
Experience with the GIT version control system
Experience with Next-Generation Open Mission Services (NOMS)
Bachelor's Degree is required from an ABET accredited institution OR relevant work experience
Generous tuition and training assistance program
Relocation Assistance
Employee longevity recognition
Community involvement & outreach
Team building events
Wellness program
Paid vacation and sick leave
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mobile service discount
Discounted gym membership
Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), Life/AD&D/STD/LTD insurance
Add new features to tools and services that support businesses under incubation.
Streamline existing processes that are painful or time consuming.
Upgrade existing systems to take advantage of new technologies.
Support analysts who use your tools in production workflows.
Build monitoring infrastructure that makes sure systems and campaigns are running smoothly.
BA/BS in Computer Science preferred.
Fluency with at least two programming languages.
Familiarity with SQL and database design.
Working knowledge of HTML, Javascript and CSS.
Experience working with macOS or Linux development tools.
A desire to work with and solve problems related to the warehousing of large data sets.
Ability to thrive in an agile, team oriented environment.
Were a venture accelerator. We employ data-driven, analytical methodologies to create profitable web businesses.
Our work is challenging and dynamic; our environment is fun and supportive.
Our company is profitable and established. This means startup culture without startup anxiety.
We offer competitive salaries and benefits, plus an equity share that actually means something.
Our employees have lives outside of work. We are musicians, athletes, filmmakers, gamers, authors, and whatever you are.
Cloud-based (specifically Microsoft Azure) design, and development a plus
Mobile development (e.g., iOS, Android, Xamarin) a plus
Microsoft certifications for related technologies is a plus
Experience in a manufacturing environment a plus
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.
2 years of experience developing websites and applications.
Experience with client-side scripting frameworks
Experience with HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
Experience with Git and other development tools.
Over 4 years of experience in software and system development.
Command line experience
Strong attention to detail.
Understanding of client-side scripting frameworks
Experience with Agile Scrum SDLC
Excellent communication, project management, and organizational skills.
3+ years Java
2+ years AWS experience, including EC2, S3, RDS, DynamoDB
3+ years experience developing software services using RESTful APIs
Knowledge of JavaScript
Ability to automate tasks through scripting
Understanding of agile development processes
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Experience with one or more of the following environments: UNIX, Linux, Windows, Netware, iSeries, virtualization, cloud, web, storage, applications, and databases.
Excellent motivation and analytical skills with strong technical abilities.
Ability to work independently or in a team environment
Ability to organize and plan work to meet deadlines
Expertise in JavaScript: e.g. knowledge of ‘generators', isomorphic JavaScript, SPA architectures.
Experience with React, Node, Flux / mobx.
2 - 5 years of contemporary experience building scale web applications in a managed language—preferably in .NET. Familiarity with ‘Gang of Four' patterns.
Experience working with relational databases like SQL Server and knowledge of NoSQL technologies: e.g. Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, or MongoDB.
Knowledge of Publisher / Subscriber architectures: NServiceBus or Rebus.
Experience with mobile web development.
Familiarity with MSMQ or RabbitMQ.
Experience with BDD or TDD. Familiarity with Moq, NUnit, Autofac, Mocha, Sinon, etc.
Experience (and comfort) with Git.
Developer level operations proficiency. Ability to set up a machine, knowledge of networking, familiarity with load balancers, hypervisors, CDNs, etc.
Comfortable working in an environment that uses programmable infrastructure—experience with Ruby and / or PowerShell a strong plus.
Experience with tooling: WinDBG, Perfmon, SysInternals, Fiddler, Chrome Developer Tools, Reflector, JetBrain's suite, SQL Profiler, etc.
Experience working with the Atlassian tools: Jenkins, Confluence, BitBucket, etc.
Practical knowledge and real world experience building secure applications—e.g. 201 CMR 17.00, ISO 27001, etc.
Ecommerce experience at scale is a big plus. Knowledge of accounting would also be helpful.
In-depth understanding of concurrency
Full lifecycle software development, including: design, implementation, testing, installation, configuration, deployment, and monitoring
Neo4j experience a plus
Domain knowledge of the portfolio of capabilities is a plus
Good working knowledge of Linux/Unix and scripting (sh, bash, perl, and other scripting tools/language)
Agile/Scrum methodology a plus
Team. At CollabraSpace, we truly believe in the team. We'll always do our best to find a position that makes you happy to go to work every day, support the charitable causes that are important to you, and encourage your involvement with the company by providing events for the whole family.
Security. We offer competitive salaries but more than that, we make sure the salary we are offering you can be supported by multiple programs. Why is that important? See bullet #1; if you're not happy we will do our best to find something that does make you happy.
Benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package means you pay very little for a full suite of coverage.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;100% company paid premiums for Health and Dental plans for employees and eligible dependents.
100% company paid Life & Disability plans.
401(k) & Roth plan with company contribution immediately vested.
Annual bonus plan, spot bonuses for a job well done, and referral bonuses.
Paid Time Off (PTO) allowing you to use your time off as you see fit.
Formal education and training benefits.
Transparency. You have heard it before but here you'll truly experience it. The management team “puts it all on the table? and always has an open door.
Training and Education. It's part of our collaborative environment. Besides the traditional off-site training which we pay for upfront, CollabraSpace offers in-house Technical Exchanges on a range of topics presented by our own technical staff or industry partners.
Honors. We earned the Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award for 4 years running and have been named to the Baltimore Sun's Top 100 Workplaces 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016; an award given based on survey responses from our team members. We are consistently ranked as one of the Top IT Firms in Baltimore by the Baltimore Business Journal.
bring at least one year of experience as a Web and/or mobile developer... plus a lifetime of curiosity
seek broad project ownership with a small, fast-paced team
have intelligence, energy, and integrity
communicate fluidly in a team environment
want to grow your career quickly, to learn a lot, and to take responsibility
design applications that are intuitive and fun to use
never set foot in a cubicle farm
like to play with sleek machines named after fruits and robots
inhabit a beautiful office in San Francisco
love our work!
prefer Mac and Linux to... other operating systems
always search for the next hot thing
provide coffee, tea, beer, and snacks in the break room
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Engineering or related technical degree preferred.
1 to 3 years coding experience in .NET.
Experience working with TSQL (SQL Server a plus).
Ability to read and understand various data structures (SQL, XML, JSON).
Strong problem-solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Experience in Debugging software in an integrated development environment (Visual Studio a plus).
Paid training and mentoring program
Competitive salary
Health, dental, and vision coverage
401K
Social, wellness, and volunteer committees
Intramural sports
Fun office environment/casual dress
Position will be located in Austin, TX or Chicago, IL
Bachelors Degree with 10+ years or Master&#039;s Degree with 8+ years of relevant hands-on experience building web technologies and services.
Extensive hands-on experience and expertise in object-oriented design methodology and application development using Java/J2EE, Design Patterns, Spring MVC, SQL, Web services, NodeJS, HTML5, and CSS.
Good understanding of using various database systems (NoSQL and relational) at scale.
Good understanding of web services and SOA related standards like REST/OAuth/JSON
Proven results-oriented person with a focus on delivery in a high-velocity and high-availability environment.
Drive architecture discussions, lead product design, code reviews and propose solutions to system and product changes.
Estimate engineering effort, plan implementation, and rollout system changes with implications to cross functional teams.
Excellent communication skills and ability to understand and provide good feedback on business requirements.
Background with teams using agile methodologies.
Communication: Ability to speak clearly and with intent.
Full-stack engineering experience in any of the following languages and frameworks: C#, Java, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular 4 and 5, NodeJS, WebApi, .Net Core, Entity Framework, SQL.
Evidence of exposure to architectural patterns of a large, high-scale web application (for example, well-designed APIs, high volume data pipelines, efficient algorithms).
Engineers who have experience with web best practices such as unit testing and reusable components.
3-7 years of enterprise software development experience
Excellent understanding of object-oriented design patterns
Excellent core Java skills
Enterprise RDBMS (Oracle and/or Sybase)
Experience in multi-threaded programming
Experience in FIX protocol
Experience in front end development using HTML5/JavaScript
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong problem resolution skills
Ability to deal with changing priorities
The profile of a team player who forms strong relationships with colleagues and has good interpersonal skills
Financial services experience and solid understanding of securities
Must have or currently be pursuing a High school degree (or equivalent) with a GPA of 3.0 or greater
Must have reliable transportation
Critical thinking and communication skills required
Knowledge of SQL databases and object-oriented programming languages a plus
Prior experience in software development a plus
BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field
0-3 years experience
Working knowledge of Object Oriented Programming
The passion and drive to expand your coding skills
Outstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teams
Exposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSS
Solid foundational knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes
Excellent problem solver
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Must be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basis
Competitive Salary
Relocation Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise Level Application Development Training
Life Insurance Policy
Java, ES6
AWS (Kinesis, SWF, EC2, SQS, DynamoDB etc.)
HTML, CSS, javascript (reactjs)
Open Source tech such as:&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Elasticsearch
Redis
MySQL
Autonomous teams building interrelated microservices
Focused automated tests
Engineers that have worked with some of these technologies (# of years doesnt matter if you can get the job done)
Strong, opinioned, team players that think they have something valuable to contribute
Experience with performance/load testing framework, dashboard and data analysis
Demonstrable analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent communication skills and a team player
Our Angular Software Engineers will develop & support new and existing applications on the AngularJS platform for our new eCommerce applications.
We will teach you how to develop, support, and enhance existing User Interface (UI) using Agile methodologies and tools such as JIRA.
You'll grow into a product-oriented Web Developer creating and experimenting with new ideas that will engage and excite our customers long term.
This is a cross-functional role, which requires close communication with Product Owners, Analysts and QA to ensure quality, security, and to ensure code meets development standards and guidelines.
You'll learn how to test UI/UX, in collaboration with the Business Analysts and Product Owners.
This role will allow you to apply problem solving techniques to all of your engineering projects.
2+ years' experience with PHP and/or Java.
Web application fundamentals.
Strong understanding of Object Oriented principles.
Experience with frameworks such as Zend Framework, Prototype(JS), JQuery(JS).
Knowledge with working on Relational Databases (MySQL)..
Knowledge of QA automation processes and tools such as Selenium and PHPUnit
Experience with Version Control Systems (SVN, GIT).
Experience in UNIX systems on a user level.
Familiarity with Agile/Scrum
Bachelors Degree or equivalent.
A passion for and a proven track record of building products that delight users
Ability to learn and apply new ideas and technologies quickly
Expert web development and mobile development skills
Good understanding of web technologies- HTML, CSS, Javascript, HTTP, REST, etc.
The ability to ship great features on a small, independent development team
Background in Java, Google Web Toolkit, iPhone development is helpful though not necessary
An eye for tasteful design and clear, usable user interfaces
B.S. or higher in Computer Science
Flexible hours
Open vacation policy
Profit sharing
Gym membership or wellness reimbursement
Commuter subsidization and prime location for public transportation
Health, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family
Life insurance and disability benefits
401k plan
Casual dress code
Company lunches and happy hours
Weekly organic fruit delivery
Frequent company outings and trips
Great collective beer knowledge
You will be working with our attribution team as a back-end engineer to help expand our core call tracking product, SourceTrak.
Attribution team works with various tools and services in AWS including RDS MySQL, DynamoDB, EC2, Lambda, Kinesis, and SQS.
Integrate with technologies from key partners including Google, Adobe, Salesforce, Microsoft, and Amazon while building new products.
Collaborate with Attribution team to research, define, test, and code solutions for an industry leading product that does attribution, call tracking, call routing, and call analytics.
Passionate and curious about technology -- researches trends, advocates best practices, and finds applications of new technology to customer needs
2-5 years of experience developing with modern languages, preferably several different languages. In use today: Node.js, Python, PHP, JavaScript
Collaborated with teams doing lean software development, agile software development, and/or continuous deployment practices
Familiarity with several data storage engines including DynamoDB, SQL, NoSQL, Elastic, Redis and the contexts in which they are appropriate
Working understanding of API design including building and consuming 3rd party APIs. Experience with any of the following: Google Adwords, Adobe Analytics, Marin, Double Click, Adobe Media Optimizer, Optimizely, Hubspot, and Convertro is a plus.
Experience with a wide variety of enterprise application integration patterns, their tradeoffs and proper contexts for use
Seven (7) years experience in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required. Four (4) years of additional software engineering experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor&#039;s degree.
Must be proficient in basic programming skills and proficient in one or more of the following languages
(Specific languages needed will vary based on development department or project)
 Single-Page Applications, Angular (v4.4.0), ngrx, AJAX, RESTful API development, Microservices, Startup mentality, Test Driven Development (TDD), Amazon Web Services (AWS), JavaScript, TypeScript, Docker, Customer-facing product development, Ionic Framework, Electron, HTML5, CSS, SQL, NoSQL, PostgreSQL, JSON, XML, MongoDB, ASP.NET, C#, .Net 4.5, .Net Core 2.0, Entity Data Model/LINQ, Progress 4GL, VBScript, Spotfire, Kafka, Agile/Scrum/Kanban/DevOps
Experience building routes in Orion Health's Rhapsody 6.0 or later
Strong problem-solving skills
Outstanding communications and interpersonal skills
Strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task
Ability to track software issues to successful resolution
Ability to work in a collaborative fast paced environment
Ability to learn new development language quickly and apply that knowledge effectively
MS Windows server operating system functionality
MS Office and productivity related applications
Software development experience with Android is essential, Windows and linux experience highly desirable.
Experience with video processing and management highly desirable.
Experience with at least one of the following protocols and standards: H.264, HDCP, IPV, HDMI, DisplayPort, TDMA is required.
Experience in Architecture model / modeling development and system validation is considered a plus.
Experience with Layer 2 and/or Layer 3 technologies like Ethernet, IPv4/IPv6 is a strong advantage.
Ideal candidate has systems background with some chip background (S/W or H/W) in Network Switching and Video Switching industry.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a bachelor’s degree in Math, Physics, Electrical Engineering or related major, plus a minor in Computer Science.
Mastery of the English language demonstrated by clear and concise verbal, written, and electronic communication skills.
B.S. in Computer Science or applicable engineering or science field, Masters degree preferred.
0 to 5 years of experience.
Must be willing and able to be an active contributor (developer) in any of the software life-cycle phases.
Must have at least one year of hands-on professional experience in at least one, ideally a combination, of the following areas:&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Model-based design and/or test using the Simulink/Stateflow tool chain.
Software development in a relevant subject matter area: UAS or other robotic system guidance, navigation and control; ground- or airborne mission systems; general aerospace flight control or cockpit avionics systems; ground stations; payload control.
Development/operations of hardware-in-the-loop simulators, conducting testing and troubleshooting of HW/SW interfaces.
Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) applied to aerospace or military systems (C2, payload data, etc.)
Demonstrated capability to have personally developed (i.e. modeled or written) production software within the last 12 months.
Must be a US Person, minimum Green Card Holder.
Must be willing to work under, and help refine, a defined software development process.
Prior experience in any of the following areas is a plus.&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Work experience or internship with developing production software in an autonomous vehicle or robotics environment.
Operating in a regulated development environment, like CMMI (level 3 or higher) or DO-178B. 
2+ years of enterprise software development experience
Strong in Web technologies/Javascript/Ajax/HTML5
Excellent understanding of object-oriented design patterns
Excellent core Java skillsPreferred Technical Skills:
 Enterprise RDBMS (Oracle and/or Sybase)
Experience in multi-threaded programmingOther Requirements:
 Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong problem resolving skills
Ability to deal with changing priorities
The profile of a team player who forms strong relationships with colleagues and has good interpersonal skillsPreferred Attributes:
 Financial services experience and solid understanding of securities
Proven software development skills building large scale web applications with full-stack experience
Experience with one or more programming language: Ruby, SQL, Javascript, Typescript, or Haskell
Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong communication skills, with the ability to work well with other engineers
Well-rounded engineering skills
Personal initiative in learning new technologies
3+ years of software development experience
Degree in Computer Science, Maths, or other related field or equivalent experience
Minimum of 4 years' experience
Development Level Experience with Search Technologies (Sematic Search, Elastic Search, Lucene, etc.)
Development Level Experience with Natural Language Processing
Minimum of 2 years' experience in cloud base deployment services. Specifically, AWS’s base services:&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Elastic Cloud Computing (EC2)
Relational Data Database Service (RDS)
Simple Storage Service (S3)
Route53 DNS Services
Other cloud based technologies are a plus (Azure, Cloud Foundry, Open Shift, Docker Containerization)
Artificial Intelligence Learning Skills (Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Distributed Computing, Machine Learning)
Minimum of 3 years' experience with Source Control Systems such as GIT, TFS or similar systems.
Minimum of 3 years' experience using a continuous delivery pipeline technologies like Jenkins
Minimum of 1 year of experience in microservices architecture.
Provide expertise automated deployments, automated testing, with Test Driven Development mindset.
Experience with one or more web servers and application frameworks like Tomcat, Apache or Microsoft IIS.
With your team, own system and feature quality throughout the development, testing, deployment and operation phases to ensure quality delivery expectations are met.
Drive speed and value with a continuous improvement mindset.
Vetted experience in Agile practices (Enterprise Agile Methodologies are a plus i.e. Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)
Demonstrated 2+ years of experience with Enterprise Java components including JSP, Servlets, JDBC, XML, XSLT, Modern Java Web Frameworks, Spring and Hibernate.
2+ years' experience with Relational Database Management Systems, Knowledge of joins, views, triggers, stored procedures, data normalization, etc.
2+ years of experience with Tomcat, Apache and/or other app servers.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science. Master’s Degree is a plus.
Must be comfortable working both in small teams and independently.
Must be comfortable taking on different roles to satisfy the needs of the iteration, the team and the product (business analysis, development, testing, reporting).
We are looking for an individual with strong analytical ability, solid problem solving skills and excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must have the ability to research, diagnose, and troubleshoot issues.
Excellent verbal communication; Excellent written communication; Positive attitude & team player; Strong analytical abilities.
Technical Excellence: Demonstrates solid understanding of programming concepts, design patterns, and data structures.
Ability to strategically identify areas for improvement that will yield the highest business value. Focus on delivering incremental value and deployment speed.
Negotiating and Consensus Building: Evangelize test-driven development and continuous integration / continuous deployment cultures.
Openness to criticism and ideas: Often solicits feedback and reacts calmly to criticism or negative feedback.
Communication: Speaks and writes clearly and articulately without being overly verbose or talkative and maintains this standard in all forms of written communications, including email. Effectively communicates and presents technical concepts to technical and non-technical professionals.
Teamwork: Reaches out to peers and cooperates with supervisors to establish an overall collaborative working relationship.
Strategic thinking/visioning: Able to see and communicate the big picture in an inspiring way. Determines opportunities and threats through comprehensive analysis of current and future trends.
Aggressiveness: Moves quickly and takes a forceful stand without being abrasive.
Follow through on commitments: Lives up to verbal and written agreements, regardless of personal cost.
Intelligence: Learns quickly. Demonstrates ability to quickly and proficiently understand and absorb new information.
Drive
Positive Attitude
Good Judgement
Open Communication
Collaboration
Desire to Make an Impact
Eager to Understand
Accountable
Decisive
Team Player
Programming Skills/Experience Messaging (JMS), SWING, Frameworks (Hibernate, Spring, Camel), Apache Tomcat, SQL, GWT, JSON, JavaScript, Struts, Python, PHP, Oracle, MySQL, JDBC, SOAP, REST, ActiveMQ, HTTPD, Subversion, Ant, RPM
Security+ or CISSP
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success. &lt;br/&gt;Job Location&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;US-Sterling-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Comfortable working on any project with Ninjutsu abilities to jump from a C++ system level robotics task to writing a user interface with the latest web technologies.
We are a driven group of engineers who show a high level of initiative and personal ownership of tasks. If you have these same qualities we'd really like to talk to you!
Be able to successfully use design patterns to drive elegant architectures.
We continually refactor code to be more efficient, testable, maintainable, etc.
Every line of code is reviewed; we expect you to take feedback and work well with others. You have a voice here, and you will have a major say in what takes place.
We love taking on challenging projects that “can't be done?, and making them happen.
Testability and maintainability are super important to us; we care about our code and you should too.
Superb communication and presentation skills
Capable of contributing technically when necessary
Deep knowledge of software design patterns, algorithms, data structures and modern programming techniques
Rich understanding of microservices
Relevant experience&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Successful deployment of enterprise grade applications in AWS
Understanding of Netflix OSS technology
Scaled Agile Framework for Enterprises (SAFe) or enterprise agile
Experience delivering reliable DevOps solutions, continuous integration and continuous delivery
Proven experience in Object Oriented programming using Java, Python or PHP.
Experience using MVC frameworks like Spring, Django or Zend.
Experience using profiling tools to analyze and optimize application performance like App Dynamics and New Relic.
Familiar with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript including common libraries like jQuery, Foundation, and Backbone.
Familiar with web technology stack (e.g., HTTP, cookies, headers, caching, CDN, and security).
Willingness and ability to learn new approaches and emerging technology.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Detail oriented.
Choice of two medical plans, one at no cost to the employee
Employer paid dental, vision, life insurance, and employee assistance programs
Employer contributed retirement and much, much more
Experience developing solutions for IBM i and utilizing API's is preferred.
Good verbal and written communication skills
Self motivated
Quick learner
Ability to work independently or as part of a team
Design and implement an innovative and exemplary Business-to-Business and Business-to-Customer subscription platform and applications using JVM and JEE technologies in a multi-tenant based environment.
Design and develop highly flexible common components and APIs that enable the build of custom solutions.
Develop innovative, ground-breaking applications on a Platform-as-a-Service (PAAS) model.
Collaborate with software architects and senior developers to design application modules using object-oriented design methods.
Design and construct integrations allowing the exchange of data with remote systems using Java over SOAP or REST.
Work closely with QA engineers to design, implement and build and test solutions.
Bachelors degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Information Systems, or a closely related field.
1-7 years of post-baccalaureate, progressive experience in the same or similar occupation. Alternate Education/Experience Requirement: Master of Science degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Information Systems, or a closely related field; and 2 years of post-baccalaureate, progressive experience in the same or similar occupation. Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, training, or experience.
Experience with software development, design, and implementation experience in the finance and technology industry, specifically using multiple shard database architecture.
Experience designing and implementing solutions with Java technologies.
Experience with application performance profiling and tuning.
Experience building highly flexible Application Programming Interfaces (APIs).
Experience implementing Java over SOAP and/or REST to allow seamless data integration with remote systems.
Experience with finance, enterprise integration, subscription billing, business reporting and/or time series analytics.
Technically Savvy: Highly knowledgeable on current and proven BI technologies and proactively seeks to gain knowledge and understanding of evolving solutions that could have positive impact on current systems, software and tools.
Results Driven: Focuses on desired results. Sets and achieves challenging goals.
Practitioner: Expertly applies skills and knowledge to daily tasks in order to achieve desired outcomes.
Detail Oriented: Pays attention to little details. Has patience and perseverance for pursuing a problem until the reason has been exposed and is well understood. Proactive to initiate plans for corrective actions.
Flexibility/Adaptability: Adjusts quickly to changing priorities and conditions. Copes effectively with complexity and change.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Computer Engineering or other Information Technology related degree
2+ years - SQL Server or comparable relational data base
2+ years of ASP.NET (C#), Java or other Object Oriented Programming Language Development
2+ years of Talend, SSIS or similar ETL Tools
2+ years of SQL Server development/SDET experience
1+ years - designing BI solutions and data bases
1+ years - working in Business Intelligence or Reporting Environments
1+ years – Redshift or comparable columnar database
1+ years – Tableau or comparable Data Visualization Tool
1+ years – working in agile/scrum environment
1+ years – CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment)
1+ years – Performance testing strategies and techniques
1+ years – (AWS) Amazon Web Services Solutions
1+ years - working with large (&gt;1TB) databases
1+ years – ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development and TDD (Test Driven Development)
1+ years - working with API Web Services and HTML
High level of analytical ability, Well-developed oral and written communication skills, and high level of interpersonal skills to work effectively with others;
Requires proficient use of manufacturing engineering tools such as CAD, CAM, Part Programming software, ERP systems, and standard office productivity software;
Strong knowledge metal cutting, tooling, fixturing and CNC programming;
Knowledge of 3D CAM software a plus;
Knowledge of AutoCAD a plus.
Literate in mechanical, hydraulic and pneumatic systems;
Knowledge of welding;
Knowledge of Lean manufacturing and ERP systems.
Benefits eligibility differs by job position and employment status - governing plan documents control such benefits..
Programming/coding skills using primarily Visual Basic is required. Experience with JAVA, XML and .NET are also a plus
Knowledge of G Code language and Fanuc Macro B Programming is desired
Ability to operate with minimal supervision, evaluate risk and make appropriate decisions
High energy self-starter who is enthusiastic and motivated to create growth opportunities
Solid written and verbal communication and presentation skills to interface with external sales teams and customers
The ideal candidate will have a proven track record in engineering leadership with the ability to develop detailed specifications and implement standard engineering practices
AS/BS in Engineering with technical experience in software design related to manufacturing
NUM and Siemens control experience a plus
Product experience in a manufacturing company
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field, and 2-4 year work experience. 4 years related work can be substituted for Bachelor's degree. MS in related field can be substituted for 2 years of experience.
Strong knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals such as data structures, algorithm design, and strong problem solving skills
Strong proficiency and experience in developing objected-oriented software, with experience in one or more relevant languages (Java/J2EE, C#, Python, Ruby)
Strong proficiency in JavaScript, Ajax, HTML and CSS
Experience programmatically interacting with relational databases, DB2, MS SQL or similar
Experience using source control, SVN, git or similar
Strong verbal and written communication skills
A strong sense of customer focus, ownership, and urgency
A strong track record of working with little direction, actively contributing to design sessions and documentation.
Fluency in Java and core Java classes, Hibernate, Struts, Spring, log4j, etc.
Experience building web services and resilient distributed systems
History working in multiple environments using software development methodologies and best practices (Agile, Waterfall)
Experience working with J2EE applications servers (WebSphere, WebLogic, Jboss)
Experience with multiple build and test tools( Ant, Maven, Junit)
Experience developing on multiple platforms (Unix, Linux, Windows)
Experience in network troubleshooting in multiple environments
Must be eligible to work in the United States without Sponsorship
Candidates must be willing and able to pass a background investigation which may include level 6C security, Public Trust clearance.
Experience understanding and implementing OO and/or functional, stateless design patterns
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Working with the product team to define new features
The desire to learn and apply new skills
Experience with HTML/CSS/DHTML/JavaScript 
Experience with PERL / LAMP Application Development (Perl) 
Experience with Relation Database Systems (MySQL, Sybase) 
Experience with Unix / Linux Operating System 
Experience with Apache Web Servers 
Experience with XML, XSLT, Ajax, HTML5, Web Services, Cross-Browser Compatibility and Version Control systems (GitLab)
Experience with page templating systems, session data storage, caching, and inter-process communication. 
Experience developing large-scale web applications 
Understanding of professional software development processes. Including familiarity with the cycles of requirements definition, issue tracking, version control, automated testing, deployment and maintenance. 
Some experience with ASP.net and SQL Server is preferred
Full lifecycle development process including design, development, testing and implementation of moderate complexity systems. Writes and reviews portions of detailed specifications for the development of system components of simple to moderate complexity. 
Interfaces with technical and non- technical personnel and/or team members to finalize requirements. 
Provides feedback on technical tasks of simple to moderate complexity. 
Develops basic to intermediate designs. 
Codes proficiently in the required language(s). 
Contributes to design, code and test reviews. 
Performs unit testing based upon test plans generated and reports results and recommendations to his/her project leader. 
Develops and executes performance, integration and test plans. 
Perform support functions in validation cycle as required (i.e., test monitoring, debugging, problem resolutions, etc.). 
Ability to work independently and collaborate with technical and non-technical staff.
Strong written and verbal communication skills including effectively communicating technical concepts to technical and non- technical audiences. 
Ability to effectively resolve issues/problems to reach a workable and successful solution. 
Ability to learn, understand and develop large systems of simple-to-moderate complexity. 
Competitive pay, great benefits, and vacation time. We are an equal opportunity employer with competitive benefits including medical, dental, life insurance, disability, 401(k) with company match, among others.
Smart Casual Dress. No need to suit up, but we also have on-site dry cleaning services for those that prefer to dress-up!
Weekly catered meals. Breakfast every other Mondays, lunch Wednesdays, and afternoon appetizers on Fridays encourage collaboration across our teams.
Fully-stocked kitchens. We know it takes fuel to perform, so we provide a kitchen stocked with healthy cereals, fruit, snacks, and beverages to keep you at the top of your game.
Fitnessolver. If you need a boost, visit our on-site fitness facility to clear your head.
Massages. With a work hard/play hard atmosphere we all need a little stress relief at times. 
Charity and community involvement. Participate in a variety of ways to support those around us.
Learning & Development. Continue to learn about the industry through our online and instructor-led classes.
Recognition. Want some swag? Earn tons of it by helping out your co-workers through our employee recognition program.
Culture. Want a culture most dream of? Most companies talk about it, we live it. Come find out for yourself!
A cover letter that highlights &lt;strong&gt;why&lt;/strong&gt; you think youd be great for the gig, focusing on how your past work experience has prepared you for this kind of position or why you think you can rock the job even though you dont have past work experience thats perfectly aligned.
Your resume.
Masters in Computer Science degree or related field from an accredited college or university
Strong applied experience. You've built, broken, and rebuilt software applications. We’re looking for creative thinkers who also know how to create real-world products.
Solid experience working with or familiarity around Java, C++ and/or Python
Very strong foundational knowledge of knowledge in Object-Oriented Design Principles, Data Structures, Algorithms, SQL/NoSQL, Operating Systems, and Software Engineering
Working knowledge of web technologies (such as HTTP, HTML/DOM, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX) is beneficial
Understanding around concepts like Web Services, SOA, REST APIs
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Computer Engineering or other Information Technology related degree or equivalent experience.
1+ years of professional development experience using C# or Java.
1+ years of professional web development experience using .NET Application Servers.
1+ years of experience in large systems software design and development with hands on experience in RESTful Web Services, HTML, XML/JSON, HTTP, SSL.
1+ years' experience of Automated Unit Testing with JUnit, NUnit, etc.
1+ years of experience with DevOps and CI/CD practices.
Experience working on an agile team preferred.
Familiarity with one or more JavaScript frameworks (React, AngularJS, Backbone.js) and JavaScript libraries.
Some experience with Web Services lifecycle (design, build, test, deploy), API versioning and design approaches, tools, inter-operability, and SOA concepts.
Familiarity with Microservices and microservice design patterns.
Working knowledge of performance testing strategies and techniques.
Drive
Positive Attitude
Good Judgement
Open Communication
Collaboration
Desire to Make an Impact
Eager to Understand
Accountable
Decisive
Team Player 
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
DevOps experience
Experience in mentoring and guiding engineers on technologies.
Work for a profitable, growing company that works with an impressive Fortune 500 client list
1-2 years industry experience, B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent
Knowledge of Java or similar programming languages
Knowledge of and experience using Angular, Node.js, HTML/CSS, JavaScript is a plus
Experience with any of the following is a plus: J2EE, JMS, Hibernate, Spring
Familiarity with Hadoop, Solr/Lucene is a plus
Passionate about using technology to solve interesting challenges
Excited to tell us why you want to work here and what kinds of challenges youre looking for
Development experience in a Linux/UNIX environment
Extensive experience with OOP/OOD
Strong knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and threading
Proficiency in design patterns
Scripting knowledge
Non-relational, distributed database experience is a plus (not a requirement)
Strong analytical skills and desire to solve complicated problems programmatically
Must be self-directed, and able to work productively under minimal supervision
Willingness to work closely with traders in a constantly changing environment
Interest in the Financial Markets; previous knowledge is NOT required
Anyone graduating in 2017 or 2018 should apply through our graduate application process found on our website; please do not fill out an application through this posting if youre graduating in 2017 or 2018
Technical Required experience:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;3+ years Java
2+ years Spring framework
2+ years JUnit 4+ years Maven
Strong understanding of SQL (selects, inserts, joins, stored procedures, functions)
2+ years code management tool
2+ years applied object oriented design patterns
1+ years TDD / BDD development methodology
The following technical knowledge is not required, but is preferred:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;AngularJS
Bootstrap
JBoss BRMS
Enterprise Application Platform experience (JBoss/Seams, TC Server/Spring)
Spring Integration, Batch, Data, Security
MS SQL Server
Continuous integration
Cucumber, Gherkin
Micro Services, DDD
Eclipse / ItelliJ IDE
Selenium
Version One
Agile Competency Requirements:
Requires an understanding of the application of Agile development methodology.
Must be comfortable with change, close collaboration, and have conflict resolution skills.
Knowledge of or willingness to learn Agile / DevOps values.
Takes initiative and are passionate about what they do.
Adaption, Ability & Desire to Learn, Team Oriented - tolerance &amp; helpful, and Quality Focus
Action Orientation
Customer Engagement
Flexibility
Interpersonal Effectiveness
Character
Results Focus
Collaboration
Unix/Linux
Design Patterns
C++/Object Oriented languages
XML/Edifact/JSON/Protobuf
SQL/Oracle/NoSQL Databases
Webservices
Distributed environments
Python
Strong analytical, troubleshooting and problem solving skills, very detail oriented
Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously, identify, resolve project issues quickly and effectively within a fast-paced environment
Enjoys working with a top-notch development team with a solid track record of innovation, quality, and timely deliverables
Thrives in a professional, team-empowered environment
Good written and oral communication skills
Other duties as assigned.
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or equivalent experience
5+ years of strong production experience with modern web UI and data presentation technologies, including Javascript, HTML5, CSS3, Angularjs, JQuery, Knockout, D3, etc.
Familiarity with web application security topics such as OpenID, OAuth, SAML, TLS/SSL, JWT, etc.
Experience developing rich software applications and single web page applications using RESTful services, JSON, SOAP (XML), etc.
Experience engineering API/web-services in a tiered architecture.
Expert knowledge of web software design & architecture patterns.
Strong command of RESTful / ROA / SOA / distributed software architectures.
Knowledge of cross platform/ browser compatibility issues for dynamic web applications.
Experience and comfort working in an Agile Scrum or XP development environment.
Ability to learn and adapt in a rapidly changing environment.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Experience in deployment automation using Ansible, RightScale, Chef, Puppet or equivalent technologies in public/private cloud.
Experience working within public/private cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure.
Familiarity with DevOps software development model and processes.
Experience with system design, databases and APIs
Comfort and familiarity with multiple programming languages and paradigms. 
Bonus: Deep experience with Scala or functional programming
C++, Java, Perl, and/or Python
Analytical skills for problem abstraction
Broad theoretical knowledge in computer science, including algorithms and data structures
Standard software engineering practices for version control, configuration management, testing, root cause analysis, and quality assurance
Source Code Management tools such as Git, Fossil, subversion and Design Sync
Programming experience on Linux, Microsoft Windows, and Apple platforms
Web Application Frameworks, such as Ruby on Rails
Programming experience on mobile platforms such as Android, Meego, and iOS
Programming experience on desktop platforms such as Microsoft.NET framework
Firm grasp of programming tools such as compilers, linkers, and debuggers
NodeJS, SQL/NoSQL, MVVM, HTML5 and associated cloud/web based technologies
Rapid Software Prototyping
Relentless desire to deliver, say what youll do and do what you say
Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science is preferred or equivalent experience
Experience with asynchronous development and RabbitMQ (preferable)
Experience using MySQL server
Experience with CoffeeScript
Experience with SASS
Experience with Twitter Bootstrap
DevOps experience
Applies Database Knowledge - Demonstrates basic knowledge of database design principles; identifes users requiremetns and needs; demonstrates a basic understanding of the importance of maintaining and updating.
Provides Web Applications Support - Troubleshoots current applications to isolate coding errors. Makes application updates to meet changing business needs and improve efficiency.
VB, C#, .Net, Cold Fusion, HTML, CSS, SQL. Experience in building complete software applications.
The desired candidate will possess or be pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics or related field or the equivalent and work experience. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills. Must be resourceful, capable of working independently and able to multitask effectively.
Must be currently in the same georgraphic location as the job or willing to relocate yourself there.
System development experience preferred.
Must bring a sample of Web Development/Database design to the interview and be prepared to discuss. 
Leads a mix team of software engineers in the design, development, and implementation of multiple applications. Performs and leads the detail technical design, coding, code review and testing on new applications and enhancements of existing applications. Assists manager in all development activities, Supports other administrative and team building tasks when it needs.
Supports the architecture design. Assists in planning of resource/time allocations for current and projected development needs. Provides assistance in diagnosing production problems. Plays a key role on the new technology evaluation and technical prototypes.
Estimates the technical costs of projects for clients and project managers, confers with clients to identify requirements (e.g., data, information needs, processing, specific output, functional and development of test data), and determines their desired outcomes in order to formulate the design of the system and/or offer alternative solutions in a timely manner.
Provides project management regarding all technical aspects of implemented projects which includes: keeping in line with established budgets and timeframes, training end users on the operational procedures of the system, and providing technical guidance to less experienced staff during implementation. Analyzes, designs, and documents information to create the applicable statement of work and the associated deliverables.
Proactively analyzes and reviews emerging technologies, changes in the Insurance/Healthcare industry and the business functions of various clients, in order to determine if the advanced applications fit the needs of changing strategies, goals and objectives (develops and maintains technical knowledge through training, classes)
Mentors new or junior staff members on business knowledge, system peculiarities, and complex technical issues.
Strong technical leadership skill
Knowledge of software development best practices (RUP, XP, Agile)
Excellent experience with object oriented analysis and design patterns/techniques with emphasis on Java/J2EE technology
Minimum of 3+ years in extensive hands on experience with Java, J2EE, EJB, JSP, JDBC, Hibernate, JMX, JMS, Log4J, AJAX, JSF.
Wide breadth of knowledge across many Java Open-Source technologies including Ant, Struts, Spring, XML parser technology, SOA based infrastructure, JUnit and HTTPUnit
Wide breath knowledge of J2EE applications servers (WebSphere, WebLogic, JBoss,…)
Previous experience with Workflow and Rules Engine
Excellent application performance tuning and trouble shooting skills
Experience with RDBMS (DB2, Oracle or MS SQL)
Experience with OO analysis and design
Development with Use Cases
Familiar with UML
Experience with Design patterns
Experience with RDMS
A self starter and quick learner
You are organized, analytical, detail oriented with good written and verbal communication skills
You work well under pressure to meet deadlines
You are able to prioritize tasks and work on multiple assignments
Fluency in Mandarin preferred (both written and verbal)
Finance domain working experience or domain knowledge is a plus.
You are a seasoned software professional, looking for a place you can perfect your craft amongst friendly and supportive co-workers.
You're starting your career as a developer and you’ll benefit from patient mentors.
* Writing beautiful code is a passion of yours and you want to show the world.
Familiarity with Windows™ and MS Office™ (Visio, Excel)
C / C++ programming experience (Visual Studio a plus)
Multi-threaded programming
Experience data acquisition programming using NI-DAQmx
Experience in hardware control programming using NI-DAQmx
An understanding of database tables and SQL
Experience writing Windows™ dynamic link libraries
Local and remote control of lab instruments (O-Scopes, Logic Analyzers)
Ability to read hardware schematics
Experience with CM automation tools, JIRA a plus
Linux familiarity a plus
LabView programming a plus
Ability to derive HW control requirements from test procedures
5+ years of experience working as a contributor in a small, high-velocity professional software engineering team. You care about culture and know how to set the pace while maintaining high quality.
Experience building and successfully deploying software. You understand how to work within the constraints of large datasets, customers, and load, without getting frustrated.
You are always looking for new and better ways to do things, and love automation. Youre comfortable with continuous integration and automated testing/deployment.
Youve built a cloud-based product before and stuck around to scale it.
You know your way around the middle-tier, back-end and database (SQL and noSQL) interactions.
You work within distributed systems leveraging messaging and asynchronous distributed workflows.
You never stop learning. You crave knowledge, and you look for the best tools and processes to solve problems.
Youve used our tools: Groovy, Java, MySQL, Cassandra, Jersey, Spring, Hibernate, ActiveMQ, Grails, and Gradle.
Experience building Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, or other financial software.
Experience mentoring other software engineers.
Effective storage systems engineering draws from many areas of computer science; You should have a demonstrated interest in and facility with distributed systems, data structure, algorithms, or database concepts
Facility with C or C++ and a higher level language like Python
Experience with networking concepts and protocols
Experience with security, authentication, and identity issues
Willingness to think deeply about a complex problem domain
Comfort with or interest in agile development process and test driven development
BS CE/CS or equivalent experience
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or a closely related field (or equivalent work experience)
Strong understanding of computer science fundamentals and software engineering principles and processes
Demonstrable experience developing for Microsoft Windows/RT/Phone, Mac OS X/iOS, Android, ChromeOS, and/or web services and applications
Experience developing shared services for cloud based platforms, ideally using Microsoft Azure
Self-motivated and able to collaborate with a diverse set of people from many disciplines
Ability to lead when appropriate and step back when necessary to help teams through triages, issues, and hard decisions
You must be legally authorized to work in the United States without an employer-sponsored petition for a visa, such as an H-1B visa. TechSmith does not intend to file any visa applications in connection with this opening.
Commercial software development experience with multimedia programming or web services
User interface design
Database design & administration
Fluency in a foreign language
Familiarity with Google Analytics and Google Webmaster Tools
Cross-browser development
Experience optimizing for website speed & performance
Experience with WordPress theme development
Maintenance of existing client sites
Ability to manage multiple projects and work through deadline changes
Troubleshoot HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and PHP
Adheres to best practices of WordPress development
Provide technical feedback on functionality requests
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience in web application development
HTML5, CSS3, PHP, and JavaScript
Articulate, accurate, deadline conscious and detail driven candidate with above average oral and written communication
Review-able portfolio of projects or advanced experience
Graphic design exposure is a plus
3+ years experience in software development ideally contributed to open source projects
Experience in designing and implementing large-scale web application, APIs and frameworks
Proficient with architectural patterns of a large, high-scale web application (e.g., well-designed APIs, high volume data pipelines, efficient algorithms)
Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and to articulate solutions
Ability to enable business capabilities through innovation
Ability to mentor other engineers
Bachelor&apos;s in CS required. Master&amp;apos;s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical disciplines, or equivalent work experience, is preferred
Contribution to open source projects
Experience with AWS: EC2, S3, ECS, RDS
Experience with HIPAA compliance
Front-end experience: Webpack
MS SQL Server
C#
.NET MVC
MongoDB, DynamoDB
js/Express.js
ElasticSearch, Amazon Lambda, Amazon ECS, Amazon Kinesis
Chef, Vagrant
Java/Groovy
Linux and Windows
Written and verbal communication skills
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and be detail-oriented
Ability to take initiative and be proactive
Ability to work in a team environment
Ability to work independently and be resourceful
Ability to present complex information in a clear and concise manner
Proficiency in Microsoft Office products
Creative and critical thinking skills
Demonstrated organizational and teamwork skills, strong attention to detail, and a willingness to participate in collaborative development projects.
Excellent problem solving skills and an ability to translate a business scenario into a technical solution.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Minimum of 5 years' relevant, full stack software engineering experience
Deep knowledge of modern Java
Experience working on large-scale, high-performance systems
Thorough understanding of the responsibilities of a distributed software platform, including database, NoSQL, REST APIs, caching layer, proxies, authorization and other web services used in the system
Ability to work well in a dynamic, fast-paced team environment
Experience with machine learning and/or analytics
Experience working with search technology, such as Lucene, Solr, or Elastic
Proficiency with JavaScript, HTML5, modern web frameworks
BS/MS in computer science, hard science, or engineering, and/or 5-7 years industry experience. PhDs that meet the required skills are also encouraged to apply.
We ship and develop changes incrementally
We love writing tests because we hate the fear of change
We crave continuous integration and delivery
100% code coverage
Software Requirement Specification documents
Bug counts, line counts and other productivity “measures?
Strong organizational and time management skills
Basic awareness of SEM industry and digital marketing
Experience or high-level of interest in Google Analytics a plus
Prior experience at a search engine marketing agency ideal
Adaptable to change. We're a fast growing company.
Ability to work creatively and is a problem solver.
Ability to successfully manage personal workflow and to achieve on time delivery of requests made by clients
Demonstration of basic professionalism, resourcefulness and the initiative to seek information in an effort to fill any holes in support of daily responsibilities
Ability to speak and write clearly and persuasively and to build and maintain strong internal and external relationships
Must be able to take and apply all forms of constructive feedback
Must be authorized to work in the US; unable to sponsor visas
Work as a team – leave no teammate behind
Demonstrate a positive attitude every day
Be solution oriented – never say “try? or “can't?
Demonstrate excellence by going above and beyond for the benefit of teammates and the company
View mistakes as an opportunity to learn rather than as a negative situation
Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k, IRA)
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&amp;D)
Unlimited PTO
Family Leave (Maternity, Paternity)
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Training & Development
Stock Option Plan
Standing desks, cold brew on tap, and an A+ office setup
Search and Social Media Marketing is a $70 billion industry, with more than 10 million businesses currently advertising on AdWords, Facebook, or Bing.
In a few short years WordStream has become an industry leader, serving thousands of clients worldwide – and we are just getting started!
Our award-winning software helps clients experience a phenomenal 65% increase sales and 9% drop in costs associated with those sales.
You have demonstrated experience in large-scale systems.
You have at least a bachelor's degree in a technical or quantitative field, preferably in Computer Science
You have an understanding of data structures and algorithms.
You have experience with Java (or other JVM languages), Python, C or C++.
You have extraordinary programming skills.
You have demonstrated experience in large-scale systems.
A minimum of 1 year of demonstrated prior work experience conducting the primary responsibilities outlined in this job description
Proficient English written and verbal communication skills is essential since you will need to communicate with other offices on the phone.
Exceptional knowledge and skill with C# in .NET is essential.
MVC is essential
Demonstrated expertise with SQL Server 2008 R2 or greater or Oracle creating relational database objects (tables, columns, stored procedures, scalar and table-valued functions, etc.)
Experience with advanced debugging techniques, such as breakpoints, watches, attaching to remote processes, utilizing dump files, etc.
Demonstrated experience developing large-scale, high-availability applications and systems
Experience SVN (Subversion), source control, branching and merging, is preferred
Experience working with JIRA is preferred
Experience with AngularJS a plus
Ability to quickly and independently learn about new technologies, business and technical terms and concepts is essential
Ability to discern between value-added and frivolous work
Dedicated to continuous education by obtaining industry-related certifications and training• Ability to collaborate with multiple departments and teams, demonstrating high-quality interpersonal skills, including good listening skills, respectful treatment of others, and professional behavior contributing to a positive and enjoyable environment
Ability to work as part of a team and also individually with a self-starter (&#034;can do&#034;) attitude
Comfortable speaking and interacting with technical and non-technical people
Excellent research, analytical, and organization skills with an exceptional eye for detail
Ability to perform work activities according to set priorities and delivery timelines
Ability to take constructive criticism
Ability to perform work activities for multiple projects simultaneously
Desire to participate in speaking engagements or be involved within user or other community groups or any other events attended by the department
Diploma or degree in Computer Science or Engineering is required
Experience working in an Agile environment is an asset
Modern backend technology such as Java's Spring Boot, NodeJS, Python’s Flask or Django, etc. (we use a mix of Django, Java + NodeJS)
Love crafting beautiful RESTful web-services and have a strong knowledge in the way the web works.
Javascript experience. You know and love the language of the web (We use ES6 and TypeScript).
Experience with a Javascript framework such as Backbone, Angular, Ember or React (we use Angluar2).
Experience with relational and No-SQL databases: MySQL, Postgres, MongoDB, Redis
Experience with data streams, or real-time data pipelines (We use Kafka)
Design and develop the next generation Applause platform.
Work in strong agile teams, using modern development methodologies.
Work closely with product managers, designers and customers to deliver impactful product initiatives.
Familiarity with Linux development
Computer coding experience (C or C++ preferred)
Understanding of computer security and computer virtualization
Working knowledge of software development and related tools (such as source control and defect tracking systems)
Knowledge of one of the following: TPM/QT/GTK/SELinux/Xen/Virtualiztion/Shell Scripting
Strong understanding of Java
3-5 years of software development experience
3-5 years of automation experience
Good technical skills balance with a strong quality ethic
Ability to grasp technical problems and their implications quickly and take appropriate action
Good analytical and observational skills
An inquisitive mind and ability to think creatively
Ability to quickly learn and become proficient with complex applications
Knowledge of quality assurance, quality control and defect management
Hands on experience with Cucumber is a plus
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Codes, tests, integrates and documents software solutions
Applies principles and techniques of computer science, engineering, and mathematical analysis to the development of software
Participates in internal review of software components and systems
Receives general instructions and guidance from immediate supervisor and works on problems with defined scope, schedule and expectations
Follows standard practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained
Generally works within an identified work group and responsible for resolution of problems and issues of moderate scope and complexity
Failure to accomplish results or errors may cause project delays or require the allocation of additional resources
Travel is required
Knowledge of software engineering concepts, principles, theories, and technical standards
Shows initiative on assignments, and professionally executes projects with little direction
Exercises independent judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action
Ability to be a team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success, meeting and exceeding personal and team commitments
Ability to be creative, innovative and responsible, and able to master considerable decision-making skills
Comprehensive understanding of JavaScript
Experience with JS frameworks such as Angular, React, React Native
Experience with NodeJS and NPM
Experience with Web services and REST APIs
A passion for Web Development and open source projects
Adaptability; Be able to learn new languages, frameworks or plugins quickly
Ability to recognize and analyze problems and then develop and implement solutions; a proven track record with experience leading technical projects to successful completion, from conception through implementation required
Must be able to work independently and in a team environment and possess excellent interpersonal skills
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely to all levels within the organization including: verbally and in writing
Must have 3 to 10 years of related engineering experience
Bachelors Degree in Engineering is required or equivalent
Public/proven contributions to open source projects
Public/proven web-oriented hobby projects
Experience with Database design
Experience with Continuous Integration tools
Experience with Express or Hapi
Experience with Unit Testing
Experience with Mobile development (Android, iOS, WinRT and/or \&#034;Cordova\&#034;/\&#034;Phone Gap\&#034;
Experience with rapidly prototyping with new technologies
Experience with Agile/Lean methodologies
Link to Stack Overflow, GitHub, or equivalent page(s)
Link(s) to any open-source contribution(s)
Bachelors Degree in Civil or Electrical Engineering
E.I.T. or on the path to obtaining licensure
Candidate must be able to work both independently and in a collaborative, team environment.
Capable of executing business communications; to include: memos, reports, analysis, etc.
Capable of multi-tasking and working in a fast paced environment
Competent in all MS Office products
Competent in basic use of computer-aided design (CAD) software
Technical writing skills to include grammar editing and content flow
Public speaking and presentation skills
Time management experience
Ability to travel as needed
Proficiency in MicroStation/AutoCAD is strongly preferred
Up to 3 years working in the field of transportation
Understanding of software systems design tools and languages such as C and Python.
Understanding of electrical engineering fundamentals, VLSI principles, digital logic, and computer architecture.
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Understanding of design for software systems running on multiple platform types
Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures
Good written and verbal communication skills
Strong Java developer with experience building complex system in a professional team environment using Git.
Experience with Java web frameworks like Jersey, Spring, Guice and/or Dropwizard
Experience with Java testing frameworks
Experience creating and consuming REST and SOAP web services.
Good understanding of event-driven, functional, and object-oriented paradigm.
Familiarity with relational database design and high-level framework for database integration.
Ability to create and communicate technical design to solve business challenges.
Passionate about technology and willing to learn something new.
Knowledge of AngularJS, Node.js and front-end testing frameworks a plus.
Ability to independently work on a project.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Medical, dental, vision, and life benefits from day one.
Paid/flexible sick-leave, vacations, and holidays so you can take off the time that you need when you need.
Up to four months paid parental leave for all new parents. Adoption assistance with reimbursement of up to $5K. We want you to have time to bond with your new bundle of joy.
Well match your 401(k) contributions and offer a discount through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. All to complement your personal financial strategy.
We want to help advance your career. Take classes relevant to your job and the first $5K is on us.
Enjoy our annual company summer party, holiday party and department quarterly outings.
Our partnership with SoFi gives you access to student loan refinancing, personal loans and even mortgages.
We work hard, we play hard. Build or join an OnDeck intramural club, group, and/or sports team and be part of our OnDeck Community.
Fully stocked kitchens with free snacks & drinks.
WorldatWork, 2017 Seal of Distinction
Fortune 50 Best Workplaces for Diversity, 2016
Fortune 50 Best Small and Medium Companies to Work For, 2016
Fortune 30 Best Workplaces in Finance and Insurance, 2016
Built in Colorado, Top 100 Digital Companies in Colorado, 2015, 2016
Crains New York Business Fast 50, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
Fortune.com and Great Place to Work 100 Best Workplaces for Millennials, 2015 Fortune/Great Place To Work Great Rated! Peoples Picks: 20 Great Workplaces in Financial Services, 2015
Crains New York Best Places to Work, 2013, 2014, 2015
Colorado SHRM Best Companies to Work For in Colorado, 2015
Forbes Americas Most Promising Companies, 2013, 2014
Selling Power Magazine Best Company to Sell For, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
Inc. 500|5000, 2013, 2014
Work with other engineers and technical product managers to write, test, and deploy your code safely and automatically to production. We deploy multiple times a day
We work mostly in Ruby and Javascript (Typescript, React, and GraphQL) along with some Python, R, and Elixir but many employees come from other areas. We want strong programmers and our interview process is unbiased and language agnostic
Be a part of a strong culture of ownership, pragmatism, and testing
Contribute to tooling as well as our technology architecture and direction
We have a culture that treats engineers as both teachers and students, and encourage this by presenting weekly Lunch and Learns, hosting hackathons, and attending conferences
Contribute to open-source initiatives
Onboard several bank partners onto our white label lending platform by providing APIs and configurability
Expand our unsecured installment loan product and launch a new credit card product
Power our credit decisioning, credit pricing, fraud prevention, customer verification, and credit reports
Accounting system, process ACH and credit card payments, and enable scale on our ability to collateralize and sell loans
Create workflows and the backend that powers internal service tools and provide external visibility to our partners
Improve the customer experience and automation on our web app and mobile app through self service
Youre a pragmatic generalist programmer who will not only help execute, but also will provide a strong voice for technological direction of systems at Avant
You are excited about refactoring and system design as we migrate to a service-based architecture and prepare for scaling and increasing data flow
Youre entrepreneurial, self-driven, and takes pride in improving our customers experiences
You have strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals and coding/testing best practices
You thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts and enjoys working with a diverse group of people with different expertise
You like communicating directly with business units from all over the company to ensure you understand and can best handle the pain points and the wide range of stakeholders needs
Familiarity with database schemas and design
Understanding of data modeling, system integration, development methodologies (including unit testing) and web technologies
Participation in several full system implementation life-cycles (analyze, design, build, test, implement, support)
In-depth knowledge of operating systems (processes, threads, concurrency issues, locks, etc.)
A strong interest in contributing to the full stack
An engineer that enjoys challenges and working in a dynamic environment
Experience with any Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, RDS, Redshift, DynamoDB, EMR)
Experience in databases, analytics, or big data tools/concepts
Prior industry experience is desirable
Experience with Linux
Git experience on a large team or open-source projects
Deep knowledge of PHP, MySQL, and performance
Knowledge about underlying protocols like TCP/IP, HTTP, etc.
Some experience with other programming languages (JS, Golang, Python)
Experience working with MongoDB, Redis, ElasticSearch, Sphinx and/or Nginx
BSCS, BSEE, or equivalent technical degree or substantial work experience required.
5+ years' experience developing embedded software; experience with medical or avionic development processes is a plus, as is experience with developing micro services or cloud-based services.
Experience developing firmware for ARM Cortex-Mx or other 32-bit MCU (bare metal, device drivers, and state machines) using IDEs such as IAR, Keil, Atollic, etc. Experience with lab equipment such as oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, and JTAG is required.
Experience with developing/debugging Linux kernel drivers and user-level drivers is a plus.
Experience with object-oriented analysis, design and development in a team environment is a plus.
Experience providing accurate estimates and meeting your scheduled commitments.
Experience making independent judgments using sound engineering principles and techniques.
Good software development process skills including source code configuration management (Git).
Good software documentation skills.
Core Java Technologies
Client Server Architecture development skills and debugging skill to find issues and resolve quickly
Latest Web Frameworks like Spring
Web Frameworks: Spring, Struts, JSP, Servlets, HTM, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, AngularJS, Hibernate
Web Services: SOAP, REST
Databases: MS SQL Server, Oracle 
Continuous Integration/Development Tools: SVN/GIT, JMeter, ANT, Maven, Artifactory, WebLogic, TeamCity, Jira, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus and Sonar 
Server Tools: Apache Tomcat server, Jetty, JBoss, WebLogic 
Platforms: Windows, Linux
Understanding of Design Patterns and Object Oriented Concepts 
Experience developing within an Agile development environment using Continuous Integration tools 
Self motivated and demonstrated ability to adapt to new environments and learn new technologies
Full-stack development skills - or at least have a strong interest in all layers
Chance to work with top Software Engineers with a focus for all things tech Our DevOps team includes a member who literally wrote the book on Ansible and IT Automation and our staff also includes a resident IoT expert with IMDB credit to his name.
Unique entrepreneurial environment. Were a start-up company in a publicly traded suit Read: we have a lot of fun &lt;em&gt;and&lt;/em&gt; can afford the grown-up toys.
Were making a real difference in the financial lives of millions of consumers. The work we do here matters.
Dress code we dont have one. (Flip flops, shorts, jeans whatever.)
We dont even keep track of how many paid vacation days you take! (of course your manager&#039;s approval is needed before you take off on that family vacation.)
A sense of humor (Non-negotiable). We work too hard to not have fun and celebrate individual/team/company accomplishments.
1 5 year(s) of relevant work experience in software development
Strong conceptual knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals
Experience working with two or more of the following areas: Distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, developing large software systems, web application development, RESTful APIs and SDKs, database management, understanding of AWS, Azure, or GCP, Cloud Security.
An interest in Machine Learning or Natural Language Processing
Understand why comparative analysis is key to continuous improvement, innovation, quality, and success.
BS Degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.
Scala, Ruby/JRuby
Spark
Kubernetes and Docker
MySQL
ElasticSearch
React or Angular
BA or MS or PhD in CS/CE/EE/math with good experience in software development
Proficiency at programming (C/C++), algorithm design and implementations;
knowledge and experience in network security, AI, Big Data Analytics, Data Mining, Hadoop is a plus
Solid understanding and knowledge of TCP/IP, multicast, HTTP, GTP ,SCTP, etc. is a plus
Good verbal and written communication and presentation skills
Self-motivated team player, and capable of working in a fast paced R&D environment
Test automation or programming skills in Python, Perl or TCL is a plus
Virtual network topologies using Openstack/NSX and network overlay technologies like VXLAN is a plus
Hands on experience testing complex L2/L3 products
Technical knowledge in Routing, Ethernet switching, IP forwarding, Class/Quality of service, firewall and access control, as well as routing and switching protocols.
Understanding of campus and data center customer network design, testing, deployment and troubleshooting is a plus
Good knowledge of network security and/or protocols, such TCP/IP, UDP, etc.
Experiences in Unix/Linux programming and kernel
Knowledge and/or hands-on experience and in virtualization, QEMU/KVM, container is a plus
Experience with embedded Linux and/or other real time operating systems
Demonstrated experience with embedded software development on low-cost microcontroller HW ICs
Experience with bringing up and troubleshooting real-time hardware systems and prototypes
Familiarity with professional audio products and systems preferred
Design and development of software for audio/video applications is a plus
Outstanding problem solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Work collaboratively with other members of a tight-knit, small project team to develop world-class professional audio/video products for the live sound, cinema and systems markets
Develop solutions in the areas of real-time operating systems, network communications, mixed signal design and embedded product design
Apply good software design and development practices in daily activities
Work with Software Quality Assurance to develop appropriate test strategies
WPF/MVVM
MVC
C++
SQL
Xamarin
MongoDB
Web API / RESTful API
Codes, documents and demonstrates complex solutions by developing documentation, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and well-structured code while working within the Agile Scrum software development methodology.
Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in product, policies and procedures.
Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.
Accomplishes engineering and organization mission by completing related software engineering and organizational tasks as assigned.
Develops software by studying information needs; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes resulting in strong code implementing the solution; investigating problem areas
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or Computer Science, equivalent work experience can be substituted for a degree and five years of experience as a Software Engineer;
2-10 years of experience in design and coding of complex solutions
Strong coding skills
Linux system experience required
Proficiency with C/C++ and Java
Understanding of low level network protocols (TCP/IP, UDP, DNS, etc.)
Understanding of various server technologies is a plus (Docker, Spring, etc.)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required, fluent in English
Experience working in an Agile Scrum development environment
Background in security and network products a plus
Understanding of web technologies (JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS, or similar technologies)
Python experience a plus
Ability to work in a fast paced, iterative development environment
Bachelor degree, preferably in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems, or related field, or 0-4 years systems programming experience
Entry level experience in Java/J2EE programming and analysis preferred
Entry level experience using Angular framework
Good written, verbal, analytical, and interpersonal skills
Valid drivers license and good driving record
Ability to occasionally travel with overnight stays
0-3 years programming C++ or similar object-oriented language
Experience with database servers, server-side development, performance tuning, and debugging techniques
Knowledge of operating systems and system-level programming
Experience with multi-threaded programming and thread safety
Detail oriented, meticulous, well organized, and articulate
Computer Science degree or equivalent. (MS/PhD preferred.)
Knowledge of common data formats (XML, JSON, Protocol Buffers, etc.)
Understanding of security technologies (LDAP, SAML, encryption etc.)
Familiarity with Hadoop, cloud and distributed computing architectures
Experience with creating or consuming micro-services, especially with Service Fabric.
Experience creating and deploying Docker containers.
Experience architecting or working within a distributed solution.
Experience architecting and deploying into public clouds, particularly Azure.
Experience with NOSQL or Big Data.
Agile development methodologies
Exposure to multiple programming languages, patterns, techniques and paradigms.
A list of technologies you are excited to work with.
Examples of personally developed source code, e.g. GitHub, open-source, etc. Languages other than C# are fine.
At least 5 years as a full-stack software engineer/developer or similar role in a software development setting, preferably in an IT environment with at least 1+ year focused on developing hosting and integration solutions with (COTS) commercial packages.
An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment
Understanding of, and experience with systems engineering concepts and apply those to COTS/SaaS package implementation, integrations and configurations.
Experience acting as a primary software developer and/or tech lead on medium to complex IT projects
Working knowledge of hardware and infrastructure components (servers, network, storage, security).
A strategic and practical mindset, able to drive conceptual conversations and planning with business and IT, with the ability to chart the technical course for delivery.
A natural curiosity for new scripting languages, frameworks and technologies
Quality-orientation, considering and instilling quality in every aspect of the job function.
Provide architecture and design guidance to developers; perform design and code reviews
Experience with application testing including the creation of test scripts and documenting test results.
Experience working in a distributed, non-homogeneous technology environment
The languages and/or platforms the Software Engineer should be familiar with are:&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Concurrent and asynchronous programming
Microsoft .Net/C#/VB
Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Reporting Services (SSRS) and Microsoft Power BI
Excel and Visual Basic for Applications (VBA).
Essbase/Olap and Office plug-ins (such as SmartView Add-in tool and related API or Dodeca).
Oracle PL/SQL, Data Modeling, and Shell/Batch Scripting
ETL Technology (Extract-Transform-Load) using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a plus.
Micro-service development and domain driven design
Git, Jira, Jenkins, Maven, Junit, Jmeter, Selenium, Jprobe and XLDeploy/Release;
Experience with mainframe technology including JCL, VSAM, Cobol
Experience supporting and troubleshooting production batch processing and root cause analysis.
Experience with the core Lawson Financial Suite v9+ and emerging Infor technologies (Landmark, XI, ION) a strong plus.
Exposure to Accounting and Finance concepts.
Understands semantic models for data analytics using tools like SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), with experience guiding best-practice use of reporting vs. analytics tools.
Java – Including development of Services and/or Micro-Service
Associates degree (or higher) –OR- 2+ years professional work experience.
3+ years experience in software development
Bachelor's degree (or higher) –OR- 4+ years professional work experience.
5+ years experience in software development.
Knowledge of software development methodologies, practices, and tools.
Knowledge of project management methodologies, practices, and tools.
Knowledge of one more programming languages used by the team.
Knowledge of software testing practices and tools.
Knowledge of problem solving techniques and tools.
Ability to travel as needed for company business and professional development.
Ability to work nights and weekends as needed for system implementations and resolving system problems.
Knowledge of business analysis practices and business process modeling.
Knowledge of quality management and quality improvement practices.
Knowledge of team leadership skills, practices, and behaviors.
Adaptability – You need to work with new technologies or deal with challenging situations.
Problem Solving – You need to solve problems under pressure and adapt to new situations.
Database Management Systems—e.g. Oracle, MS SQL, mySQL
Operating Systems – e.g. Linux, Windows and MacOS
Scripting languages—e.g. Ruby, Python
Compiled languages—e.g. C#, Java, C++
The opportunity to work for a variety of Fortune 500 companies.
Excellent resume builder due to the exposure to a variety of technologies and experiences.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
Open is at the heart of our business and our culture. You wont find cubicles here
Everyone is asked for ideas and problem-solving solutions
Engineers drive many of the products features
Employees are closer to the customers needs
Entrepreneurial-spirited employees
Collaborative wor­­k environment
Ownership is the greatest self-identity at SugarCRM - you are making an impact now
We are a merit-based company - many opportunities to learn, excel and grow your career
Learn more @LifeAtSugar on Twitter. Follow us!
Perform system design, development, integration, test, and documentation duties to ensure proper operation of hardware and software platforms.
Perform analysis of candidate architecture implementations
Define and develop interfaces
Prototype and optimize hardware components
Expected to participate in developer led integration of software baselines.
Motivated, independent worker to fit on a small problem solving team
Lead hardware discussions and collaboration efforts with other hardware teams and organizations
Adhere to accepted standards for development, including writing unit tests, participating in peer reviews, conducting design reviews, and generating test plans to ensure maximum stability and quality of code.
3 years of experience as a Software Engineer supporting hardware-software co-design projects, requirements analysis, process execution and evaluation, selection and evaluation of COTS/GOTS tools, and integration (with both new and legacy systems).
3 years of experience programming using VHDL/Verilog
Experience with Git and SVN
Proficiency in debugging and troubleshooting
No demonstrated experience is required. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required. Four (4) years of software engineering experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor’s degree.
Clearance: Applicants must be U.S. Citizens possessing an active TS/SCI security clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph.
Experience with OpenCL or C/C++
Knowledge of technical principles, theories, and concepts
Knowledge and experience with network programming and network protocols
Team. At CollabraSpace, we truly believe in the team. We'll always do our best to find a position that makes you happy to go to work every day, support the charitable causes that are important to you, and encourage your involvement with the company by providing events for the whole family.
Security. We offer competitive salaries but more than that, we make sure the salary we are offering you can be supported by multiple programs. Why is that important? See bullet #1; if you're not happy we will do our best to find something that does make you happy.
Benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package means you pay very little for a full suite of coverage.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;100% company paid premiums for Health and Dental plans for employees and eligible dependents.
100% company paid Life & Disability plans.
401(k) & Roth plan with company contribution immediately vested.
Annual bonus plan, spot bonuses for a job well done, and referral bonuses.
Paid Time Off (PTO) allowing you to use your time off as you see fit.
Formal education and training benefits.
Transparency. You have heard it before but here you'll truly experience it. The management team “puts it all on the table? and always has an open door.
Training and Education. It's part of our collaborative environment. Besides the traditional off-site training which we pay for upfront, CollabraSpace offers in-house Technical Exchanges on a range of topics presented by our own technical staff or industry partners.
Honors. We earned the Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award for 4 years running and have been named to the Baltimore Sun's Top 100 Workplaces 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017; an award given based on survey responses from our team members. We are consistently ranked as one of the Top IT Firms in Baltimore by the Baltimore Business Journal.
FTNT*
Capture and document best practices in technical FAQs, and represent our partners to our internal teams to encapsulate feedback and learnings.
4+ years in a technical role for a SaaS or mobile technology company.
World class customer service and communication skills, both verbal and written, and the ability to make our customers feel well-served.
Professional, successful background in mobile or web development.
Demonstrated experience with web technologies (REST, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, AJAX, JQuery etc.) and/or demonstrated experience developing native mobile applications (Java for Android or Objective C / Swift for iOS).
Foundational knowledge of network engineering and protocols.
BS or MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience in a related technical field.
You dont need experience in all of these areas, but it&#039;s good for you to know what you&#039;ll be exposed to. This will include:
JavaScript
Objective C
Java for Android
Web server development languages (Node, Java, Python, PHP, Ruby, and others)
Big Data analytics tools (SQL, Kibana, ElasticSearch and Zeppelin)
A Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or in a related technical field is highly desired which will be considered equivalent to two (2) years experience. A Master&#039;s degree in a Technical Field will be considered equivalent to four (4) years experience.
Building and maintaining Spiketrap's pipes - fetching, storing, crunching, analyzing.
Iterate or experiment with data visualizations to improve the lives of our customers.
Finding signal in the noise - processing mountains of data from streams, chats, etc.
Collaborating on machine learning challenges to help Spiketrap's gears spin faster.
BS in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related field, or equivalent training, fellowship, or work experience.
Extensive programming experience with at least one of the following languages: Ruby, Python, Javascript.
Proficiency in modern DBMS, both SQL and noSQL.
Passionate about best practices in software engineering while not sacrificing time to production.
Experience in web application development - from solid API design and development to seamless web page implementation.
Masters or PhD in Computer Science.
Experience with cutting-edge data visualization tools and techniques
Experience with the applied science of machine learning and data modeling
Experience with scaling complex production architectures
Gaming enthusiast
Experience with one or more of the following technologies:
C++/CX, C#, JavaScript, Python
RDBMS (SQL Server, Oracle, PosgreSQL, etc.)
NoSQL (Elasticsearch, MongoDB, etc.)
Qt
OpenGL or DirectX
GIS
Web services
Master's in computer science, computer engineering, mathematics, GIS, or related field
BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience
3+ years of experience developing in C and C++, ideally including C++11 and C++14
3D Math & 3D Graphics knowledge (OpenGL, DirectX, etc) required
Experience shipping at least one app or app library for Android, iOS, or PC
Profiling and debugging experience required
OpenCL/GPU compute experience
Knowledge in image processing techniques
Algorithm implementation and optimization experience
Android NDK integration experience a plus
iOS application development experience a plus
Windows UWP experience a plus
Some knowledge of computer vision algorithms
Spacial audio knowledge is a plus
Experience in writing and supporting a software product
Profiling and debugging experience preferred
Experience in Java and other related technologies for Web development like JSP, AJAX, REST APIs or Spring
Knowledge of relational database technologies, preferably with experience in an ORM persistence tool such as Hibernate
Understanding of principles of good software engineering
Able to work in a team setting using Agile practices
Good organizational and documentation skills
Must be self-directed, confident and able to use best-practice development processes effectively
Knowledge of another language that uses the JVM (such as Kotlin or Scala) is a plus
Knowledge of NoSQL/Big Data technologies is a plus
Knowledge of Machine Learning technologies is a plus
Competitive salary
Substantial equity
Retirement plan with company matching
Health, dental, and vision insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts for health and dependent care expenses
Maternity, paternity, and sick leave
Fifteen paid vacation days, plus ten bankable federal holidays
Work in downtown Berkeley, just steps from the BART line and dozens of restaurants
Select your own hardware and customize your desk setup
Bond over team lunches and out-of-the-box events
Take advantage of learning and career development opportunities
Voted one of &#034;San Francisco Bay Areas Best and Brightest Companies&#034; to work for
BA/BS degree in Computer Science or similar technical degree, or equivalent practical experience
Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.
Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development.
Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.
Master's, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.
Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.
Bachelors degree in engineering / technical discipline, and 0+ year(s) related experience
GPA 3.0 and above (cum. and major) - college transcripts will need to be provided at time of interview
Ability to be granted a security clearance by the Federal Government
Proficiency in multiple high level programming languages (e.g., C++, Java, C#, etc.)
Understanding and skills in software design and code, including Object Oriented Analysis & Design (OOAD)
Team player with a proactive attitude and the ability to be productive in a dynamic / collaborative environment (e.g.., open seating arrangement)
Strong oral and written communication skills 
Software related intern, work, or hobby experiences (e.g., software development, IA, web development, etc.)
Operating Systems (e.g., UNIX/Linux and/or Windows and .Net, Android)
Development Methodologies (e.g., Waterfall, Agile, and or Iterative)
Architecture (e.g., Web Services and/or SOA)
Development languages (e.g., Objective C, Android SDK, C++, Java/J2EE, and/or C#)
Scripting and other languages (e.g., Shell, Python, node, js, JavaScript, UML, AJAX, JSON, json-Id, XML, HTML, CSS, JQuery, Arborjs, Leaflet, and/or PERL)
Database tools and design (e.g., Accumulo/HDFS, Oracle, Postgres, SQL, MongoDB, AllegreGraph, NoSQL, RDF, and/or SPARQL
Development tools and services (e.g., MS Visual Studio, Eclipse, jBuilder, Spring Framework, jBoss, Hibernate, Apache, Tomcat, Maven, and/or automated test tools)
User Interface development tools
Configuration Management tools (e.g., ClearCase, Subversion, and/or Git)
Algorithm development
Basic understanding of Software Security
Open Source, cloud and virtualization software and services
Familiarity with current Web UI frameworks such as Bootstrap, Foundation, Angular, and/or Ember
Familiarity with/exposure to FishEye, Jenkins (building continuous integration jobs), Nexus, W3c standards, Ontology development, Open Linked data. &lt;br/&gt;About BAE Systems Electronic Systems 
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
0 - 2 years experience designing and developing new or maintaining existing software applications in a software product development environment
Familiarity of one or more of the following is required: .Net and C#, SQL, JavaScript, ASP.NET, MVC
 Familiarity with the Visual Studio IDE and the use of Microsoft TFS would be an advantage
Knowledge of Agile/Scrum methodology is preferred
Demonstrable analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to independently work as a contributing member in a high-paced and focused team
Strong communication skills with both verbal and written communication skills
Self-motivated and able to work under pressure to deliver high-quality solutions and receive constructive feedback
Bachelors Degree in a related technical field, or equivalent work experience
Hands on experience with object oriented analysis and design patterns/techniques with emphasis on Java/J2EE technology
2+ years of proven strong hands on experience with Java, J2EE, EJB, JSP, JDBC, Hibernate, JMX, JMS, Log4J, AJAX, JSF.
Wide breadth of knowledge across many Java Open-Source technologies including Ant, Struts, Spring, XML parser technology, SOA based infrastructure, JUnit and HTTPUnit
Wide breath knowledge of J2EE applications servers (WebSphere, WebLogic, JBoss,…)
Knowledge of application performance tuning and trouble shooting skills
Hands on experience with RDBMS (DB2, Oracle or MS SQL)
Typically requires a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, or related discipline with a minimum of 3 years of related experience; or Master&#039;s degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 1 year of related experience; or PhD in similar disciplines.
Must have at least a 3.0gpa
Candidate should have knowledge and experience in 2D and/or 3D graphics design and development with knowledge in advanced mathematics and linear algebra.
Experience in one or more of the following fields: computer-aided design, mapmaking, photogrammetry and/or animation.
Some experience with 3D game engines such as Unity or Unreal, experience with C# and/or Javascript.
Some experience with graphics analysis tools.
Background with VR and AR devices.
Excellent communication and team skills.
Cultural Interview with a Teamworks veteran to assess cultural fit
Minimum of one phone screen with the Hiring Manager comprised of behavorial interview questions and an opportunity for you to ask questions about the position
Minimum of one in-house interview with the Hiring Team
Communication and Collaboration: You have strong written and verbal communication skills and can interact collaboratively and diplomatically with customers and colleagues. You grasp the big picture, direction, and goals of an effort while focusing great attention to detail. You can present complex ideas to people who may not have a deep understanding of the subject area.
Dedication: You can meet deadlines while multi-tasking–sometimes under pressure and with shifting priorities.
Creativity and Innovation: You are creative and curious, and you are inspired by the prospect of collaborating with premier researchers at Carnegie Mellon University and other universities and organizations. You quickly learn new procedures, techniques, and approaches.
Knowledge and Learning:You possess broad technical experience and interest in computer science and applied technology such as human-computer interaction, data analytics and machine learning, advanced computing, and autonomy and adaptive systems.
Technical Teamwork: You have experience participating on high-technology teams for a variety of projects, including open-source development projects.
Knowledge of Department of Defense and Intelligence Community: You are familiar with DoD or Intelligence Community software systems acquisition practices.
Prior experience building software for high traffic websites, using languages such as Javascript and Python
Full stack experience preferred
Experience with web frameworks and APIs (e.g. Flask)
Experience with frontend development, including Javascript and responsive layout across a wide number of devices. Experience with React/Redux is a bonus.
Deep understanding of relational databases, and other types of data stores
Experience with automated and unit testing
Experience with microservices architecture a plus
Search engine experience (e.g. Elasticsearch, Solr) a strong plus
AWS DevOps and networking experience is a bonus
Solid understanding of algorithm complexity, parallel/distributed systems, advanced data structures, computer networking and operating systems
Strong development experience with at least one of Java , GoLang, Python, NodeJS and related development frameworks
Development expertise in REST/SOAP/JSON API
Solid working knowledge of NoSQL databases such as Cassandra, MongoDB or Couchbase, and graph databases-Neo4j or JanusGraph
Development expertise in message and data pipeline technologies such as Apache Kafka, Kafka Streams, RabbitMQ, Apache Spark/Flink
Strong working knowledge of cloud service platforms; at least one of Openstack/AWS/Azure/Google Cloud.
Understanding and experience in distributed system frameworks such as Apache Zookeeper, Etcd, Consul, Mesos/Kubernetes, Containers.
Development expertise in building NFV, Cloud orchestration and SDN technologies, nice to have
Development expertise in either ONAP, ONOS or OpenDaylight, nice to have
Proficiency in Service and Network Modeling such as TOSCA, YANG, nice to have
Prior experience working with Agile/Scrum methodologies
5-8years work experience or equivalent programming experience
5+ years experience with high-scale, high performance and high availability server development
Masters in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent
Experience working with a Linux Operating System
Experience programming in scripting languages compatible with Linux
Experience programming in Groovy or Java
A solid understanding of object-oriented software design principles
Interest in designing, implementing and testing cloud services and applications
Enthusiasm for automating whenever possible in the areas of creation of product deliverable and application environments
Excellent written & verbal communication skills
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced team-oriented environment
Knowledge of Continuous Integration / Delivery principles
Experience in the development lifecycle of at least one large-scale server-side project (preferably SaaS or SaaS-like)
Ability to understand issues of possible failures and recoveries, multi-node deployments, zero down-time development, etc.
Ability to understand and solve performance issues and constraints
Understanding of scaling, throughput and latency
Computer/Internet Security
Cloud based development (i.e. Azure/AWS Development)
Relational databases (e.g. SQL Server, MySQL)
RabbitMQ or other messaging systems
Testing frameworks (JUnit, TestNG, Selenium, Selenium Grid, Geb)
Java application servers (e.g. Tomcat/tc Server)
Spring Framework and Spring Boot
Directories (e.g. Active Directory, Oracle Directory Server)
Scripting languages (e.g., bash, Powershell, and Groovy)
Development, build and continuous integration tools (e.g. IntelliJ, Gradle, Maven, Jenkins including Jenkins Pipeline )
Agile software development and tools (e.g. Version One, JIRA, Code Collaborator)
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Engineering or Computer Science is required
Design, code, test, and troubleshoot software developed for Futurexs line of applications and/or cryptographic devices
Confer with users and team members to develop, understand, and update requirements for product features
Write and maintain programming documentation on subjects including code, API functionality, and software issue creation/resolution
Maintain confidentiality with regard to information being processed, stored, or accessed
A key role in production-level software projects working directly on cutting-edge encryption technology with a fast time to market
Competitive compensation and opportunities for advancement
Scenic corporate campus with amenities including a tennis court, jogging trail, and putting green
Welcoming, family-style corporate culture uniquely suited to fast-paced, entrepreneurial, and motivated individuals
Bachelors degree or higher in computer science or engineering
Software development experience in C and/or C++
Motivated, self-starting, and eager to learn
Experience with Linux
Experience with scripting (Python, Perl, or Bash)
SQL experience and basic understanding of relational databases
Understanding of TCP/IP networking
Experience with version control software
Experience with multiple architectures, particularly PowerPC or ARM
Scenic corporate campus located approximately 15 minutes north of San Antonio, Texas.
All positions are entry level management roles
Some positions are at our technical centers in Cincinnati, Ohio and will require travel to vendor and manufacturing locations. There are also a number of Engineering positions starting at manufacturing plants across North America.
Procter & Gamble generally seeks to hire individuals that are in good standing at their university and/or field of study, this typically means people with an overall G.P.A. of 2.75 or above on a 4.0 scale.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor.
Immigration sponsorship is not available for this position. Applicants for U.S. based positions are generally required to be eligible to work in the U.S. without the need for current or future sponsorship. Except in rare situations based on Procter & Gambles sole discretion. Procter &amp; Gamble does not sponsor candidates for permanent residency. Any exceptions would be based on the Company&#039;s specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual.
BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field
0-3 years experience
Working knowledge of Object Oriented Programming
The passion and drive to expand your coding skills
Outstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teams
Exposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSS
Solid foundational knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes
Excellent problem solver
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Must be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basis
Competitive Salary
Relocation Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise Level Application Development Training
Life Insurance Policy
Working with a product manager and UI designer to design new features and change existing features
Documenting designs to assist in the implementation and review phases
Implementing new features and changes to existing features
Determining root cause of problems and solving them autonomously
Receiving and giving code review feedback graciously
Working with QA to develop test plans
Performance testing changes to the product in a cloud environment
Excellent verbal and written communication
Experience with C#, Java, or comparable OOP language experience
Ability to analyze code for computing, memory, and network efficiency
Ability to create designs and code consistent with architectural patterns
Knowledge of security best-practices in a web application
Experience with Javascript architecture beyond jQuery and DOM manipulation&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;React.JS
ASP.NET MVC
Managing cloud infrastructure in AWS&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;IT automation using a tool like Chef
Debugging performance problems in a cloud environment
&lt;p&gt;Basic understanding of software development principles.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Good analytical and problem solving abilities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Basic understanding of SQL, Java, Spark Java and Pebble.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Ability and familiarity with Maven as the build tool and the GIT for code versioning&lt;/p&gt;
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Sciences, Mathematics, Engineering, Business, or area of functional responsibility preferred, or a combination of equivalent education and experience
3-4 years of programming experience required. Should have prior experience within various platforms and languages, including: ASP.net, C#, HTML, JavaScript, CSS
Knowledge of all aspects of application development and project life cycles, including Agile applications
Excellent understanding of coding methods and best practices
Extensive relational database and operating systems experience
Fluency in object oriented programming and design
Proficiency with office productivity tools such as Microsoft Excel, Word and Visio
Experience in: Test Driven Development (TDD), transactional applications, MVC
Experience using source code management system TFS and/or SVN
 It's challenging. You will not be doing the same thing continuously for months on end. Needs can (and do) change as technology advances. Growth into new areas or technologies is required of all employees, but especially those in R&D. Sometimes we rely on you bringing your outside interests and passions into the work you’re doing here.
 The product is complex. SirsiDynix offers a competitive suite of interdependent products that serve libraries of all types. As such, teams must be progressive in how they design and implement changes. Sometimes features must be designed around existing components or processes, which may require solving complex problems to meet the desired result.
 We're not a startup. We have been around for more than 35 years, developing software and technical solutions for libraries throughout our history. We are not in an explosive growth period, but you will expand into new technologies and innovative solutions for an industry that reaches people of all socioeconomic levels, races and ethnicities, and geographic locations.
 You'll be both master and student. You will, of course, have a lot to bring to the table and be able to pass along knowledge to other members of your team. But you will also be working with extremely talented and knowledgeable people at all levels. Processes and workflows within the library world make for a steep learning curve, and you’d need to be comfortable leaning on team members, both in and out of Software Development, for important information.
 Broad Software Development Knowledge. Our teams work with a variety of different technologies. Most essential for any new Software Engineers are the following:&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; 1-3 years of application development with Java
 Development of enterprise level applications with JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, HTML and XHTML
 Work with relational (Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL) and non-relational databases (NoSQL)
 Development of web applications using RESTful Web Services architecture/concepts
 Development for major operating systems (Linux and Windows)
 Academic Foundation. A strong academic foundation is important, as from an undergraduate degree program or other equivalent formal education in Computer Science or Software Engineering.
 Give libraries the power of cloud computing
 Make it easy for library users to check out ebooks
 Let libraries use new technology like tablets and smartphones
 Make searching the library as easy as searching Google or Amazon
 Give libraries innovative ways to increase budgets by offering new services
 &lt;p&gt;BS in Computer Science, or similar degree&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Excellent coding, debugging, and problem solving skills&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Professional or academic experience coding in C++&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Experience using object oriented concepts in any programming language&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Experience using complex data structures and algorithms to solve problems&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Understanding of relational databases and SQL&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Understanding of multi-threaded application design and implementation&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Working knowledge of a scripting language, such as Ruby or Python&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Desire to automate testing in the interest of development efficiency and product quality&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Basic understanding of web services and HTTP is a plus&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Graphics design and implementation using OpenGL is a plus&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Experience with mobile device development on iOS, Android or Windows CE is a plus&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Strong verbal and written communication skills.&lt;/p&gt; 
 Industries &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Transportation & Logistics
Postal, Parcel & Courier 
Utilities
Oil & Gas
Field Service
Emergency Services
Food & Beverage Delivery
Construction
K-12
Agriculture
 Solutions  &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Software
PC*MILER 
CoPilot Truck
CoPilot Professional 
ALK Maps
CoPilot for Consumers
By Type
All Platforms
Desktop
Mobile
Web Services
Web
 Enterprise Services &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Integration Tools
GIS
  Careers 
 Company &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Who We Are
News
Events & Training Resources
 Contact Us 
Unit test everything, but know when to ask our stellar tools team for scripts or tools
Experience with Linux
Experience with ROS
Experience with Embedded Systems as a bonus skill
Experience with CPU optimizations as a bonus skill
Experience with TensorFlow and Spark as a bonus skill
Solve difficult problems that have immediate and valuable real-world applications
Competitive salary and benefits including matched 401k, medical / dental / vision, AD+D and Life
Paid parental leave
Flexible vacation and 10 paid company holidays
State of the art equipment for your work station
Lunch, snacks, and dinner
Free rides in self-driving cars!
BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field
0-3 years experience
Working knowledge of Object Oriented Programming
The passion and drive to expand your coding skills
Outstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teams
Exposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSS
Solid foundational knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes
Excellent problem solver
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Must be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basis
Competitive Salary
Relocation Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise Level Application Development Training
Life Insurance Policy
Develop new features, maintain feature set and debug/fix any issues reported by customers and in house for all GuiXT product utilizing Visual Stuido on multiplatform such as Windows Server products to Mobile PCs;
Program multithreading and inter-process communication for product synchronizations
Bachelor�s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechatronic Engineering or a related field and at least five years progressive experience in the field of software design and development.
Must have experience in desktop and mobile application development on Windows platform using C/C++, Win32 and experience in multithreading, inter-process communications.
Must have completed at least one full development cycles.
2+ years of development experience
Experience with Linux or similar operating systems
Knowledge of industry practices, techniques, standards and proficiency with C, C++, Java and other high level languages.
Experience or classwork covering writing scripts (examples: shell scripting, Python, etc.)
Experience or classwork covering software configuration management tools (examples: git, Mercurial, etc.).
Experience or classwork covering documenting test results for corrective actions
Experience or classwork covering interacting with databases (examples: Oracle, Sybase, MySQL, etc.).
Understanding of networking technology, TCP/IP and common internet application protocols.
Excellent troubleshooting skills
Desire to work in the space industry developing satellite command and control systems for test and operations.
System and Software level Integration and Test
C/C++/Linux RHEL software development
Design and implement software for a large scale command and control system
Create and execute integration and system tests and document test procedures
Troubleshoot and report software anomalies
Ability to work in a team environment
Ability to adapt rapidly to changing requirements and schedules
Must be a US Citizen
Must meet eligibility requirements associated with obtaining an active SECRET clearance
Selected applicant will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements associated with access to classified information
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Sciences, Mathematics, Engineering, Business, or area of functional responsibility preferred, or a combination of equivalent education and experience
4-6 years of programming experience required. Should have prior experience within various platforms and languages
Knowledge of all aspects of application development and project life cycles
Excellent understanding of coding methods and best practices
Demonstrated experience in object oriented programming and design
Extensive relational database and operating systems experience
Ability to conduct research into software-related issues and products
Experience using source code management system
Proficiency with office productivity tools such as Microsoft Excel, Word and Visio
Ability to develop and maintain software products written in different languages and platforms
Familiarity with corporate governance, business cases and return on investment concepts
Build and help maintain a high quality, stable, and well tested web application
Apply database skills against a large and rapidly growing dataset
Build and improve full features in short development cycles, including effective frontend and backend code
Work in close coordination with designers, product managers, and business stakeholders
Build metrics and measurements alongside core features to help make informed business decisions
4+ years of programming experience, ideally in a web environment
Bachelors degree in computer science
Opinionated about how applications should be built, based on your experience getting things done
Ability to be productive on a rapidly growing team
Eagerness to take on responsibility and enjoys working under pressure
Attention to detail
Solid understanding of typography, layout and basic design principles
Experience regularly presenting designs to clients and other designers. Whether the audience is internal, conference attendees, or a client, you can sell an idea clearly and confidently.
Experience in presenting designs to other designers.
Experience using design tools such as: Sketch/Adobe XD and Invision
Passion for current design trends
Desire to work regularly with design mentors
Motion design experience
BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent technical degree; or an ABET accredited Electrical Engineering degree
Minimum 3 years software development and/or modeling and simulation experience
Strong software development experience in either C, C++, or C#
Familiarity with Agile software development process
Some travel
Ability to obtain and maintain necessary security clearance
Experience with desktop/embedded applications, DSPs, Microcontrollers, LabView, Qt, and/or OpenGL is a plus
Expertise with real-time hardware-in-the-loop is a plus.
Honesty, superior ethics
Interpersonal savvy, excellent communication skills
Ability to be a team player
Initiative
Positive attitude
Professionalism
Coding experience in Java, Python, C++, PHP
Have experience with API design
Have experience with AWS services
Have experience with frontend frameworks
Exceptional distributed systems programming skills
Familiarity with SQL and databases
Experience with financial software, especially within Fixed Income and financial broker/exchange APIs (e.g. price feeds, order execution) a plus
Experience with real-time distributed systems and fast-cycle version iterations
Degree in Computer Science or related field
Strong teamwork orientation
Sensitive to cultural differences in interactions and workplace conduct
Excellent work ethic and sense of ownership of results
Excellent problem solving skills, particularly with regard to anticipating and solving problems, issues, or concerns before they occur or become critical.
One or more years of programming experience
Working knowledge of Microsoft products including: Visual Studio .NET, C# and/or VB.NET, ASP.NET; Microsoft certifications
Working Knowledge of the Java language and Java platform
Mobile development experience with iOS, Android, or Windows
Familiarity working in an agile programming environment
Competitive compensation packages including productivity bonuses, profit sharing and performance awards
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance
Wellness benefits, vacation and sick days
Professional growth opportunities such as advanced training, tuition reimbursement, and certification opportunities
Promote from within environment enhances career growth
Empowering, collaborative and FUN work environment
Ability to resolve issues with guidance
Ability to effectively handle multiple tasks concurrently
Strong verbal, written and presentation communication skills, excellent computer skills
Able to participate in meetings and work outside normal business hours.
M.S. or PhD degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience
Bachelor's Degree with 2+ years’ experience or Master’s Degree with intern experience
Java enterprise development experience
Windows .NET framework and C# development experience required
Strong pluses include: C, C++, Objective C, Java (standard and mobile), MS Development Studio, Perl, Python, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS
A bachelors degree or higher from an accredited university with a major in Computer Science (or a related field)
Experience in two or more of these languages: Java, C, C++. Objective-C, HTML5, CSS, Scala, Ruby, Python, Bash, Perl, Lua, and Javascript
GPA greater than or equal to 3.0/4.0 (Strong academic performance)
Student organization/team leadership experience
Internship Experience
Work with product to accurately forecast time/effort needed for specific software development tasks
Coordinate with design to build feasible optimal solutions based on software capabilities.
Build new end to end features and cloud services
Resolve bugs submitted
Conduct code reviews
Develops software solutions to meet customer requirements through team and individual efforts C++, C#, or Java or other programming languages
Medical, Dental, Vision Plans
Bonus plan, Stock options, 401K
Supportive parental leave policy
Discretionary paid-time-off
Commuter options
Full pantry
One of Seattle Business Magazines best companies to work for in 2017 and winner of Geekwires 2016 Geekiest Office Space
Opportunities to ride along with real US police officers in real life situations, see them use technology, and get inspired
Experience in managing and administering AWS RDS (Postgres) for performance, monitoring and scaling
You love distributed systems and can program in Go/C/Python/Ruby. You have a solid understanding of information security technologies and key concepts (e.g. Firewalls, Intrusion Detection/Prevention, Vulnerability Management, etc.)
You have deep understanding of REST API's and web services technologies
Experience working in Agile Environment
Prior experience in a technical leadership position and successful project deliveries.
You have a proven track-record of integrating with scalable web applications
You have a proficient understanding of computer operating system and application security.
CloudPassage is a growing, well-funded company that is making a difference
At the bleeding edge of security and technology
There are a lot of smart people to work with!
Great pay, benefits, and stock options
Rapid career advancement (plenty of opportunities to take on additional responsibility with a fast growing company!)
Opportunity to work with some of the biggest names for customers
Opportunity to make an impact on customers security issues
Opportunity to work with “the best security tool? in the industry
We get stuff done!
BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
Development experience in JavaScript, C++, or Python.
Experience with HTML, CSS, and AJAX.
Web application development experience.
Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.
Significant experience developing user-facing software.
Experience engineering software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexity.
Development experience designing object-oriented JavaScript.
Knowledge of web libraries and frameworks such as NodeJs, React, AngularJS, Polymer, and Closure.
Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.
1+ years experience working as a professional software engineer
JavaScript experience
Ruby and/or Python experience
Experience with Node
Experience with Heroku
Interest in or experience with Scala and Go
Experience writing unit tests
Experience working on an agile team
Working knowledge of Github
Continual drive to learn more
SQL experience
React and Redux experience preferred
Time dedicated to discussing & POC-ing product ideas created from ALL employees, including engineering
Clear and defined promotion path for all engineers
Collaborative work environment. Our engineers are super friendly and love to help each other out!
We regularly pull in tech-debt items to work on in sprints
Weekly 1 on 1 with manager
Tight-knit relationship with the Product Team & use data-driven decision making
Bi-weekly company wide demo day to find out what individuals throughout the company are working on
Monthly Engineering lunch and learns
$1500/year education budget (conferences, continued education)
Weekly WFH day
Separate monthly budget dedicated to education through books
We strive for 3 (2 guaranteed) 100% meeting free days
100% company paid premiums for health, dental, vision, life, short-term disability, and long-term disability insurance
Blue Cross Blue Shield healthcare benefits available for both individuals and families
Company sponsored 401k match
Company stock options
FSA
Pre-tax transit benefits
Flexible PTO policy
Unlimited opportunity for career growth, learning and company impact
Monthly lunch and learns on industry events, product releases, personal finance, buying a home, public speaking and everything in between
Take your coworker to lunch on us once a month
Company Kindle with unlimited books of your choosing
Stocked kitchen with drinks and snacks
Strong SQL Server/general database and SQL understanding
Experience with MS Windows and Unix/Linux
Extraordinary attention to detail and desire to work with financial data
Experience with developing financial software such as Reconciliation, Portfolio Management Systems and/or Trading Systems is very desirable
Experience with scripting languages
Experience integrating with 3rd party systems
JBoss, Tomcat, Hibernate, and/or Spring desired
Experience with open source technologies
Experience with MS Windows and Unix/Linux
BS or MS in CS or equivalent
Extraordinary attention to detail
Excellent communication skills (written & oral)
Join a team of experienced software engineers in the Financial Services domain and quickly become an important contributor on the team
Be a part of an entrepreneurial oriented company and learn what it takes to grow a successful company
Directly reap the benefits of your hard work and personal contributions
Be excited about your work and the people you work with and look forward to coming to work everyday
Strong organizational and time management skills
Basic awareness of SEM industry and digital marketing
Experience or high-level of interest in Google Analytics a plus
Prior experience at a search engine marketing agency ideal
Adaptable to change. We're a fast growing company.
Ability to work creatively and is a problem solver.
Ability to successfully manage personal workflow and to achieve on time delivery of requests made by clients
Demonstration of basic professionalism, resourcefulness and the initiative to seek information in an effort to fill any holes in support of daily responsibilities
Ability to speak and write clearly and persuasively and to build and maintain strong internal and external relationships
Must be able to take and apply all forms of constructive feedback
Must be authorized to work in the US; unable to sponsor visas
Work as a team – leave no teammate behind
Demonstrate a positive attitude every day
Be solution oriented – never say “try? or “can't?
Demonstrate excellence by going above and beyond for the benefit of teammates and the company
View mistakes as an opportunity to learn rather than as a negative situation
Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k, IRA)
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&amp;D)
Unlimited PTO
Family Leave (Maternity, Paternity)
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Training & Development
Stock Option Plan
Standing desks, cold brew on tap, and an A+ office setup
Search and Social Media Marketing is a $70 billion industry, with more than 10 million businesses currently advertising on AdWords, Facebook, or Bing.
In a few short years WordStream has become an industry leader, serving thousands of clients worldwide – and we are just getting started!
Our award-winning software helps clients experience a phenomenal 65% increase sales and 9% drop in costs associated with those sales.
Bachelors degree in Science or Engineering. Computer Science degree preferred.
Minimum 3 years of experience in Mulesoft development and integration platform operations.
5-8 years of overall software development, integrations, and sustaining applications.
Experience in RDMS like MS SQL Server, Postgres, and related modules.
Solid understanding of API modules, REST and messaging protocols.
Ability to apply the development, sustenance, and project management best practices with minimum supervision.
Excellent communication skills with ability to grasp complex concepts and ability to communicate internally with all stakeholders
Strong problem solving and analytical skills
Ability to effectively interact with stakeholders and cross-functional departments
Object Oriented Programming
Database Architecture & Design
Systems Design
Software Design
Algorithms (Searching, Sorting, Optimization, Data Structures)
Proficient with VBA, VB.Net, SQL
UI Design
Predictive analytics and machine learning techniques
C#
Visual Studio
PowerShell
VBscript
MDX Query Language
SharePoint
Microsoft Power BI
Robotic Process Automation
At least 2 years of experience writing production quality code
C/C++ programming
Python
Familiarity with linear algebra and/or quantum computing
Drive new features on our core product, as well as maintain existing code.
Understand the business well enough to align your development with company goals.
Create and share dev best practices and standards. Always be learning.
BS in Computer Science or related field preferred
Strong focus on user experiences
Experience with AJAX based websites, JavaScript, JSON and Angular
Experience building large-scale server applications with Node.js or PHP, MySQL, MongoDB, Nginx
Understanding of Amazon Web Services
Understanding of basic MVC, ORM, and RESTful concepts in software design
Comfortable with a fast paced startup environment and tight deadlines
A passion for making this world a better place
29 days off annually including vacation + holidays
20 hours paid volunteer time off
10 half-day Fridays a year
Monthly parking pass, public transit pass, or ride-share allowance
Supplemental Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance, available day one
401(k) plan
Employee Stock Options
Fitness membership discounts
Pet friendly office
Love the active life? We have company and team outings and participate in team sports
Monthly employee development courses
New expansive office in downtown San Diego overlooking Petco Park baseball stadium and the ocean
A deep passion for technology and software development
Proficiency within one or more programming languages including C, C++, Python, R, C# or JavaScript
Experience with some of the following: Distributed Computing, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Platform Development, Networking, System Design, and/or Web Development
Bachelor's, Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Strong written and verbal communications skills
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Any experience in programming other types of mobile devices like Android, Windows etc.
Ability to work independently and the confidence to question where necessary.
Are a fast learner
Are comfortable working with new technologies
Have excellent software design skills
Have 2+ years of Java development experience
Have experience with The Spring ecosystem
Have experience with streaming architectures, in particular Kafka
An advanced degree in a relevant area
Significant work experience with large Java applications or distributed data collection systems
MongoDB
MySQL
Docker / Kubernetes
Kafka / Kafka Streams
No demonstrated experience is required. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required. Four (4) years of software engineering experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor&#039;s degree.
Architect and implement software libraries and APIs that drive our client applications, providing access to data, caching, job scheduling, messaging, search and notifications.
Architect and implement microservices that provide a scalable, performant, fault tolerant service layer that enables us to rapidly expand our user base without worrying about capacity.
Design and implement highly scalable, performant, fault tolerant data storage and processing systems, with technologies including Cassandra/DynamoDB, ElasticSearch, SQS, MySQL, AWS Lambdas.
Collaborate with product managers to get a feature to market faster.
Identify opportunities to improve Zoosk software infrastructure through research, proof of concepts and production integration.
Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or equivalent, and at least 3 years of experience building high traffic cloud web applications.
Solid foundations in computer science fundamentals, particularly OO, data structures, and algorithms.
Solid experience with relational databases and NoSQL, handling datasets of millions of rows.
Solid experience with AWS Cloud Services (Amazon EC2, DynamoDB, API Gateway, RDS, Lambda, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, ElastiCache ...).
Excited about hard problems and creating next-gen solutions.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
 Experience developing customer facing applications. (Commercial external customer-facing software development experience is highly desired)
 Development experience with SaaS products with responsive design web-based clients.
 Understanding of cloud computing technologies, business drivers, and emerging computing trends.
 Experience building hosted applications in a data center environment.
 Knowledge utilizing and leveraging reference architectures across a team based environment a plus.
 Expert at designing, coding, and implementing with 24/7 stability, performance, scalability, localization requirements in mind a plus.
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering with course work in analog and digital electronics
Understanding of op-amps from the block level for board designs
Knowledge of basic programming and statistics
Knowledge of schematic entry and PCB layout
Understanding of bench test equipment
Understanding of mixed-signal test techniques
Experience with Automated Test Equipment and VBA a plus
Craft the engineering vision, and own the technical landscape, for a major domain in the world of logistics that powers global trade.
Design systems that represent the real-world intricacies of logistics entities, such as cargo, routing, customs, and pricing.
Work closely with business stakeholders and product managers to distill complex business problems into elegant technical solutions.
Build and launch products rapidly and incrementally. We ship to production dozens of times per day.
Geek out about shipping and logistics. (We do this often.)
Figure out the most efficient way to pack our 747 freighter.
Determine, in real time, the cost to move freight between any two points in the world.
Automate archaic filing processes and save the operations team thousands of phone calls per week.
Manage and track fleets of trucks as they pick up and deliver cargo.
Deliver supply chain insights to logistics teams via a world-class analytics experience.
Predict capacity on container ships and match cargo to space on those ships.
Bring trade to everyone in the world.
3+ years of experience writing software, and a strong engineering background.
A love of simple, well-tested code that is easy to extend and hard to break.
The ability to convey technical ideas in common terms to business stakeholders, product managers, and engineers alike.
A bias for action. When you see a problem, you solve it.
Optional: experience in Ruby, Rails, PostgreSQL, GraphQL, React, modern JavaScript, and/or Flow.
Non-optional: an aptitude for learning quickly.
4+ years Java web application development including:
J2EE (Servlet, JSP, JMS)
Spring Framework IOC, MVC, Integration
Threading and concurrency
SQL, JDBC, ORM, and Hibernate
HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Experience designing, implementing and supporting highly scalable applications and web services
Comfortable working with Object Oriented programming techniques
Familiarity with modern server technologies (e.g., non-blocking IO, distributed storage, completable futures, etc.)
Strong attention to detail
Excellent analytical capabilities
Passion for development
BA/BS degree in a technical field
2-6 years working as a full stack engineer
Strong algorithms, data structures and coding background
Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance
Experience with web infrastructure and distributed systems
Engineers with Frontend, Backend, Machine Learning, or Full Stack experience in a work-setting or classroom-setting.
Evidence of exposure to architectural patterns of a large, high-scale web application (e.g., well-designed APIs, high volume data pipelines, efficient algorithms)
Open and transparent culture
Awesome opportunities for growth
Unlimited PTO
Great medical / dental benefits
Weekly free lunches
Swag
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Unit test everything, but know when to ask our stellar tools team for scripts or tools
Experience with Linux
Experience with ROS
Experience with Embedded Systems as a bonus skill
Experience with CPU optimizations as a bonus skill
Experience with TensorFlow and Spark as a bonus skill
Solve difficult problems that have immediate and valuable real-world applications
Competitive salary and benefits including matched 401k, medical / dental / vision, AD+D and Life
Paid parental leave
Flexible vacation and 10 paid company holidays
State of the art equipment for your work station
Lunch, snacks, and dinner
Free rides in self-driving cars!
 &lt;p&gt;BS in Computer Science, or similar degree&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Excellent coding, debugging, and problem solving skills&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Professional or academic experience coding in C++&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Experience using object oriented concepts in any programming language&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Experience using complex data structures and algorithms to solve problems&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Understanding of relational databases and SQL&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Understanding of multi-threaded application design and implementation&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Working knowledge of a scripting language, such as Ruby or Python&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Desire to automate testing in the interest of development efficiency and product quality&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Basic understanding of web services and HTTP is a plus&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Graphics design and implementation using OpenGL is a plus&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Experience with mobile device development on iOS, Android or Windows CE is a plus&lt;/p&gt; 
 &lt;p&gt;Strong verbal and written communication skills.&lt;/p&gt; 
 Industries &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Transportation & Logistics
Postal, Parcel & Courier 
Utilities
Oil & Gas
Field Service
Emergency Services
Food & Beverage Delivery
Construction
K-12
Agriculture
 Solutions  &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Software
PC*MILER 
CoPilot Truck
CoPilot Professional 
ALK Maps
CoPilot for Consumers
By Type
All Platforms
Desktop
Mobile
Web Services
Web
 Enterprise Services &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Integration Tools
GIS
  Careers 
 Company &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;Who We Are
News
Events & Training Resources
 Contact Us 
BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field
0-3 years experience
Working knowledge of Object Oriented Programming
The passion and drive to expand your coding skills
Outstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teams
Exposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSS
Solid foundational knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes
Excellent problem solver
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Must be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basis
Competitive Salary
Relocation Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise Level Application Development Training
Life Insurance Policy
2+ years of development experience
Experience with Linux or similar operating systems
Knowledge of industry practices, techniques, standards and proficiency with C, C++, Java and other high level languages.
Experience or classwork covering writing scripts (examples: shell scripting, Python, etc.)
Experience or classwork covering software configuration management tools (examples: git, Mercurial, etc.).
Experience or classwork covering documenting test results for corrective actions
Experience or classwork covering interacting with databases (examples: Oracle, Sybase, MySQL, etc.).
Understanding of networking technology, TCP/IP and common internet application protocols.
Excellent troubleshooting skills
Desire to work in the space industry developing satellite command and control systems for test and operations.
System and Software level Integration and Test
C/C++/Linux RHEL software development
Design and implement software for a large scale command and control system
Create and execute integration and system tests and document test procedures
Troubleshoot and report software anomalies
Ability to work in a team environment
Ability to adapt rapidly to changing requirements and schedules
Must be a US Citizen
Must meet eligibility requirements associated with obtaining an active SECRET clearance
Selected applicant will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements associated with access to classified information
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Sciences, Mathematics, Engineering, Business, or area of functional responsibility preferred, or a combination of equivalent education and experience
4-6 years of programming experience required. Should have prior experience within various platforms and languages
Knowledge of all aspects of application development and project life cycles
Excellent understanding of coding methods and best practices
Demonstrated experience in object oriented programming and design
Extensive relational database and operating systems experience
Ability to conduct research into software-related issues and products
Experience using source code management system
Proficiency with office productivity tools such as Microsoft Excel, Word and Visio
Ability to develop and maintain software products written in different languages and platforms
Familiarity with corporate governance, business cases and return on investment concepts
Attention to detail
Solid understanding of typography, layout and basic design principles
Experience regularly presenting designs to clients and other designers. Whether the audience is internal, conference attendees, or a client, you can sell an idea clearly and confidently.
Experience in presenting designs to other designers.
Experience using design tools such as: Sketch/Adobe XD and Invision
Passion for current design trends
Desire to work regularly with design mentors
Motion design experience
Build and help maintain a high quality, stable, and well tested web application
Apply database skills against a large and rapidly growing dataset
Build and improve full features in short development cycles, including effective frontend and backend code
Work in close coordination with designers, product managers, and business stakeholders
Build metrics and measurements alongside core features to help make informed business decisions
4+ years of programming experience, ideally in a web environment
Bachelors degree in computer science
Opinionated about how applications should be built, based on your experience getting things done
Ability to be productive on a rapidly growing team
Eagerness to take on responsibility and enjoys working under pressure
BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent technical degree; or an ABET accredited Electrical Engineering degree
Minimum 3 years software development and/or modeling and simulation experience
Strong software development experience in either C, C++, or C#
Familiarity with Agile software development process
Some travel
Ability to obtain and maintain necessary security clearance
Experience with desktop/embedded applications, DSPs, Microcontrollers, LabView, Qt, and/or OpenGL is a plus
Expertise with real-time hardware-in-the-loop is a plus.
Honesty, superior ethics
Interpersonal savvy, excellent communication skills
Ability to be a team player
Initiative
Positive attitude
Professionalism
Coding experience in Java, Python, C++, PHP
Have experience with API design
Have experience with AWS services
Have experience with frontend frameworks
Exceptional distributed systems programming skills
Familiarity with SQL and databases
Experience with financial software, especially within Fixed Income and financial broker/exchange APIs (e.g. price feeds, order execution) a plus
Experience with real-time distributed systems and fast-cycle version iterations
Degree in Computer Science or related field
5+ years' experience as a system engineer supporting software architecture development, requirements analysis, process execution and evaluation, selection and evaluation of COTS/GOTS tools, and software integration in a Linux environment
Practical experience with Cavium Octeon product line of Network Processors
Proficiency in RedHat Linux – CentOS and Enterprise versions (evidenced in resume)
Demonstrated knowledge with scripting languages such as Perl and Bash
Familiar with XML and schema definitions
Demonstrated knowledge of optial signal specifications to include SDH, SONET, OTN, and GE
In depth knowledge of network protocols
Demonstrated ability to use network diagnostic tools such as Wireshark
Familiar with Optical Networking Equipment
Demonstrated ability to use test equipment
Demonstrated understanding of command and control of low level custom VHDL Designs
Experience with various Configuration Management tools such as Git, Gerrit, and Subversion.
C / C++ experience
JSON experience
MySQL database experience
Practical understanding of Virtual Machines
Clearance: Applicants must be U.S. Citizens possessing an active TS/SCI security clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph.
Experience with Puppet
Team. At CollabraSpace, we truly believe in the team. We'll always do our best to find a position that makes you happy to go to work every day, support the charitable causes that are important to you, and encourage your involvement with the company by providing events for the whole family.
Security. We offer competitive salaries but more than that, we make sure the salary we are offering you can be supported by multiple programs. Why is that important? See bullet #1; if you're not happy we will do our best to find something that does make you happy.
Benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package means you pay very little for a full suite of coverage.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;100% company paid premiums for Health and Dental plans for employees and eligible dependents.
100% company paid Life & Disability plans.
401(k) & Roth plan with company contribution immediately vested.
Annual bonus plan, spot bonuses for a job well done, and referral bonuses.
Paid Time Off (PTO) allowing you to use your time off as you see fit.
Formal education and training benefits.
Transparency. You have heard it before but here you'll truly experience it. The management team “puts it all on the table? and always has an open door.
Training and Education. It's part of our collaborative environment. Besides the traditional off-site training which we pay for upfront, CollabraSpace offers in-house Technical Exchanges on a range of topics presented by our own technical staff or industry partners.
Honors. We earned the Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award for 4 years running and have been named to the Baltimore Sun's Top 100 Workplaces 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017; an award given based on survey responses from our team members. We are consistently ranked as one of the Top IT Firms in Baltimore by the Baltimore Business Journal.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science will be considered equivalent to four (4) years’ experience.
Clearance: Applicants must be U.S. Citizens possessing an active TS/SCI security clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph.
Java Development&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;AngularJS
MongoDB
Groovy
Grails
Apache Maven
Java Server pages (JSPs)
Servlets
REST (JAX-RS, Jersey)
JSON serialization (Jackson)
Subversion
Web UI development&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;JavaScript
JQuery
Bootstrap
System Administration&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Basic knowledge of Unix and Linux (CentOS)
Continuous Integration & Test&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Jenkins Configuration
Junit
Selenium
Tracking Tools&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;JIRA, Confluence
Ability to work in fast-paced environment
Team. At CollabraSpace, we truly believe in the team. We'll always do our best to find a position that makes you happy to go to work every day, support the charitable causes that are important to you, and encourage your involvement with the company by providing events for the whole family.
Security. We offer competitive salaries but more than that, we make sure the salary we are offering you can be supported by multiple programs. Why is that important? See bullet #1; if you're not happy we will do our best to find something that does make you happy.
Benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package means you pay very little for a full suite of coverage.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;100% company paid premiums for Health and Dental plans for employees and eligible dependents.
100% company paid Life & Disability plans.
401(k) & Roth plan with company contribution immediately vested.
Annual bonus plan, spot bonuses for a job well done, and referral bonuses.
Paid Time Off (PTO) allowing you to use your time off as you see fit.
Formal education and training benefits.
Transparency. You have heard it before but here you'll truly experience it. The management team “puts it all on the table? and always has an open door.
Training and Education. It's part of our collaborative environment. Besides the traditional off-site training which we pay for upfront, CollabraSpace offers in-house Technical Exchanges on a range of topics presented by our own technical staff or industry partners.
Honors. We earned the Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award for 4 years running and have been named to the Baltimore Sun's Top 100 Workplaces 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017; an award given based on survey responses from our team members. We are consistently ranked as one of the Top IT Firms in Baltimore by the Baltimore Business Journal.
Strong teamwork orientation
Sensitive to cultural differences in interactions and workplace conduct
Excellent work ethic and sense of ownership of results
Excellent problem solving skills, particularly with regard to anticipating and solving problems, issues, or concerns before they occur or become critical.
One or more years of programming experience
Working knowledge of Microsoft products including: Visual Studio .NET, C# and/or VB.NET, ASP.NET; Microsoft certifications
Working Knowledge of the Java language and Java platform
Mobile development experience with iOS, Android, or Windows
Familiarity working in an agile programming environment
Competitive compensation packages including productivity bonuses, profit sharing and performance awards
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance
Wellness benefits, vacation and sick days
Professional growth opportunities such as advanced training, tuition reimbursement, and certification opportunities
Promote from within environment enhances career growth
Empowering, collaborative and FUN work environment
Ability to resolve issues with guidance
Ability to effectively handle multiple tasks concurrently
Strong verbal, written and presentation communication skills, excellent computer skills
Able to participate in meetings and work outside normal business hours.
M.S. or PhD degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience
Bachelor's Degree with 2+ years’ experience or Master’s Degree with intern experience
Java enterprise development experience
Windows .NET framework and C# development experience required
Strong pluses include: C, C++, Objective C, Java (standard and mobile), MS Development Studio, Perl, Python, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS
Experience with software development using:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Java
Maven
Tomcat
Spring framework
RESTful Web Services
Experience with performance and scalability testing
Experience working in teams
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science will be considered equivalent to four (4) years experience.
Clearance: Applicants must be U.S. Citizens possessing an active TS/SCI security clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph.
Experience with Enterprise Cloud Technologies
Experience with customer corporate technologies
Experience with MapReduce and Pig
Experience with Google Web Toolkit
Experience with Elasticsearch and other SQL databases (i.e., Postgress, Oracle)
Experience with Subversion
Team. At CollabraSpace, we truly believe in the team. We'll always do our best to find a position that makes you happy to go to work every day, support the charitable causes that are important to you, and encourage your involvement with the company by providing events for the whole family.
Security. We offer competitive salaries but more than that, we make sure the salary we are offering you can be supported by multiple programs. Why is that important? See bullet #1; if you're not happy we will do our best to find something that does make you happy.
Benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package means you pay very little for a full suite of coverage.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;100% company paid premiums for Health and Dental plans for employees and eligible dependents.
100% company paid Life & Disability plans.
401(k) & Roth plan with company contribution immediately vested.
Annual bonus plan, spot bonuses for a job well done, and referral bonuses.
Paid Time Off (PTO) allowing you to use your time off as you see fit.
Formal education and training benefits.
Transparency. You have heard it before but here you'll truly experience it. The management team “puts it all on the table? and always has an open door.
Training and Education. It's part of our collaborative environment. Besides the traditional off-site training which we pay for upfront, CollabraSpace offers in-house Technical Exchanges on a range of topics presented by our own technical staff or industry partners.
Honors. We earned the Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award for 4 years running and have been named to the Baltimore Sun's Top 100 Workplaces 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017; an award given based on survey responses from our team members. We are consistently ranked as one of the Top IT Firms in Baltimore by the Baltimore Business Journal.
Experience in managing and administering AWS RDS (Postgres) for performance, monitoring and scaling
You love distributed systems and can program in Go/C/Python/Ruby. You have a solid understanding of information security technologies and key concepts (e.g. Firewalls, Intrusion Detection/Prevention, Vulnerability Management, etc.)
You have deep understanding of REST API's and web services technologies
Experience working in Agile Environment
Prior experience in a technical leadership position and successful project deliveries.
You have a proven track-record of integrating with scalable web applications
You have a proficient understanding of computer operating system and application security.
CloudPassage is a growing, well-funded company that is making a difference
At the bleeding edge of security and technology
There are a lot of smart people to work with!
Great pay, benefits, and stock options
Rapid career advancement (plenty of opportunities to take on additional responsibility with a fast growing company!)
Opportunity to work with some of the biggest names for customers
Opportunity to make an impact on customers security issues
Opportunity to work with “the best security tool? in the industry
We get stuff done!
BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
Development experience in JavaScript, C++, or Python.
Experience with HTML, CSS, and AJAX.
Web application development experience.
Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.
Significant experience developing user-facing software.
Experience engineering software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexity.
Development experience designing object-oriented JavaScript.
Knowledge of web libraries and frameworks such as NodeJs, React, AngularJS, Polymer, and Closure.
Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.
Strong organizational and time management skills
Basic awareness of SEM industry and digital marketing
Experience or high-level of interest in Google Analytics a plus
Prior experience at a search engine marketing agency ideal
Adaptable to change. We're a fast growing company.
Ability to work creatively and is a problem solver.
Ability to successfully manage personal workflow and to achieve on time delivery of requests made by clients
Demonstration of basic professionalism, resourcefulness and the initiative to seek information in an effort to fill any holes in support of daily responsibilities
Ability to speak and write clearly and persuasively and to build and maintain strong internal and external relationships
Must be able to take and apply all forms of constructive feedback
Must be authorized to work in the US; unable to sponsor visas
Work as a team – leave no teammate behind
Demonstrate a positive attitude every day
Be solution oriented – never say “try? or “can't?
Demonstrate excellence by going above and beyond for the benefit of teammates and the company
View mistakes as an opportunity to learn rather than as a negative situation
Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k, IRA)
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&amp;D)
Unlimited PTO
Family Leave (Maternity, Paternity)
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Training & Development
Stock Option Plan
Standing desks, cold brew on tap, and an A+ office setup
Search and Social Media Marketing is a $70 billion industry, with more than 10 million businesses currently advertising on AdWords, Facebook, or Bing.
In a few short years WordStream has become an industry leader, serving thousands of clients worldwide – and we are just getting started!
Our award-winning software helps clients experience a phenomenal 65% increase sales and 9% drop in costs associated with those sales.
1+ years experience working as a professional software engineer
JavaScript experience
Ruby and/or Python experience
Experience with Node
Experience with Heroku
Interest in or experience with Scala and Go
Experience writing unit tests
Experience working on an agile team
Working knowledge of Github
Continual drive to learn more
SQL experience
React and Redux experience preferred
Time dedicated to discussing & POC-ing product ideas created from ALL employees, including engineering
Clear and defined promotion path for all engineers
Collaborative work environment. Our engineers are super friendly and love to help each other out!
We regularly pull in tech-debt items to work on in sprints
Weekly 1 on 1 with manager
Tight-knit relationship with the Product Team & use data-driven decision making
Bi-weekly company wide demo day to find out what individuals throughout the company are working on
Monthly Engineering lunch and learns
$1500/year education budget (conferences, continued education)
Weekly WFH day
Separate monthly budget dedicated to education through books
We strive for 3 (2 guaranteed) 100% meeting free days
100% company paid premiums for health, dental, vision, life, short-term disability, and long-term disability insurance
Blue Cross Blue Shield healthcare benefits available for both individuals and families
Company sponsored 401k match
Company stock options
FSA
Pre-tax transit benefits
Flexible PTO policy
Unlimited opportunity for career growth, learning and company impact
Monthly lunch and learns on industry events, product releases, personal finance, buying a home, public speaking and everything in between
Take your coworker to lunch on us once a month
Company Kindle with unlimited books of your choosing
Stocked kitchen with drinks and snacks
Zero to two (2) years in the development, engineering, interfacing, and integration of hardware/software systems to include an understanding of requirements, elicitation, analysis and functional allocation, concept of operation, interface standards, and systems architectures. However, 1 year experience is preferred.
Basic understanding of Object Oriented and Structured development methodologies and languages.
Experience with, or aptitude to develop documentation required to support a program's technical issues and training situations.
Clearance: Applicants must be U.S. Citizens possessing an active TS/SCI security clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph.
Work in an Agile and DevOps style environment.
Experience developing in one of the following software languages: ReactJS, AngularJS, PHP.
Team. At CollabraSpace, we truly believe in the team. We'll always do our best to find a position that makes you happy to go to work every day, support the charitable causes that are important to you, and encourage your involvement with the company by providing events for the whole family.
Security. We offer competitive salaries but more than that, we make sure the salary we are offering you can be supported by multiple programs. Why is that important? See bullet #1; if you're not happy we will do our best to find something that does make you happy.
Benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package means you pay very little for a full suite of coverage.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;100% company paid premiums for Health and Dental plans for employees and eligible dependents.
100% company paid Life & Disability plans.
401(k) & Roth plan with company contribution immediately vested.
Annual bonus plan, spot bonuses for a job well done, and referral bonuses.
Paid Time Off (PTO) allowing you to use your time off as you see fit.
Formal education and training benefits.
Transparency. You have heard it before but here you'll truly experience it. The management team “puts it all on the table? and always has an open door.
Training and Education. It's part of our collaborative environment. Besides the traditional off-site training which we pay for upfront, CollabraSpace offers in-house Technical Exchanges on a range of topics presented by our own technical staff or industry partners.
Honors. We earned the Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award for 4 years running and have been named to the Baltimore Sun's Top 100 Workplaces 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017; an award given based on survey responses from our team members. We are consistently ranked as one of the Top IT Firms in Baltimore by the Baltimore Business Journal.
Strong SQL Server/general database and SQL understanding
Experience with MS Windows and Unix/Linux
Extraordinary attention to detail and desire to work with financial data
Experience with developing financial software such as Reconciliation, Portfolio Management Systems and/or Trading Systems is very desirable
Experience with scripting languages
Experience integrating with 3rd party systems
JBoss, Tomcat, Hibernate, and/or Spring desired
Experience with open source technologies
Experience with MS Windows and Unix/Linux
BS or MS in CS or equivalent
Extraordinary attention to detail
Excellent communication skills (written & oral)
Join a team of experienced software engineers in the Financial Services domain and quickly become an important contributor on the team
Be a part of an entrepreneurial oriented company and learn what it takes to grow a successful company
Directly reap the benefits of your hard work and personal contributions
Be excited about your work and the people you work with and look forward to coming to work everyday
Object Oriented Programming
Database Architecture & Design
Systems Design
Software Design
Algorithms (Searching, Sorting, Optimization, Data Structures)
Proficient with VBA, VB.Net, SQL
UI Design
Predictive analytics and machine learning techniques
C#
Visual Studio
PowerShell
VBscript
MDX Query Language
SharePoint
Microsoft Power BI
Robotic Process Automation
 It's challenging. You will not be doing the same thing continuously for months on end. Needs can (and do) change as technology advances. Growth into new areas or technologies is required of all employees, but especially those in R&D. Sometimes we rely on you bringing your outside interests and passions into the work you’re doing here.
 The product is complex. SirsiDynix offers a competitive suite of interdependent products that serve libraries of all types. As such, teams must be progressive in how they design and implement changes. Sometimes features must be designed around existing components or processes, which may require solving complex problems to meet the desired result.
 We're not a startup. We have been around for more than 35 years, developing software and technical solutions for libraries throughout our history. We are not in an explosive growth period, but you will expand into new technologies and innovative solutions for an industry that reaches people of all socioeconomic levels, races and ethnicities, and geographic locations.
 You'll be both master and student. You will, of course, have a lot to bring to the table and be able to pass along knowledge to other members of your team. But you will also be working with extremely talented and knowledgeable people at all levels. Processes and workflows within the library world make for a steep learning curve, and you’d need to be comfortable leaning on team members, both in and out of Software Development, for important information.
 Broad Software Development Knowledge. Our teams work with a variety of different technologies. Most essential for any new Software Engineers are the following:&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; 1-3 years of application development with Java
 Development of enterprise level applications with JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, HTML and XHTML
 Work with relational (Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL) and non-relational databases (NoSQL)
 Development of web applications using RESTful Web Services architecture/concepts
 Development for major operating systems (Linux and Windows)
 Academic Foundation. A strong academic foundation is important, as from an undergraduate degree program or other equivalent formal education in Computer Science or Software Engineering.
 Give libraries the power of cloud computing
 Make it easy for library users to check out ebooks
 Let libraries use new technology like tablets and smartphones
 Make searching the library as easy as searching Google or Amazon
 Give libraries innovative ways to increase budgets by offering new services
Ability to read analyze and interpret engineering specifications, general business periodicals professional journals technical procedures or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, specifications and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of peers and managers.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to read technical and clinical literature and documents and extract important concepts.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be required to perform lifting tasks of up to 10 pounds for short durations. Duties of this job may involve standing and/or walking for extended periods of time. Duties also involve daily keyboard data entry. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and color vision.
A minimum of 5 years of experience in application development
Preferred technical skills in any of: Java, C, Python, PHP
Familiar with each layer of application architecture and system infrastructure points of view; knowledgeable and experienced in micro service architecture and cloud based environments
Familiarity with AWS as a production environment
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills
Understanding of front-end MVC frameworks
GIT repository management
Familiar with aspects of CI and container based development
Excellent database skills and understanding of relational and non-relation environments
Comfortable integrating both commercial and open source dependencies including 3rdparty APIs
Proficient in HTML/CSS, and client-side scripting libraries.
Possesses a track record of outstanding results and possess a demonstrable portfolio of delivered projects
Excellent knowledge of application security and has a good understanding of security best practise including the OWASP top 10. Must be able to explain current vulnerabilities and how to defend against them
Understand and enhance requirements defined by Product Management.
Provide support to Product Management when determining how to provide solutions to our customers.
Design the technical implementation of new features.
Implement the code and test automation that make up the new features.
Document the new features so that customers can understand them.
Fix bugs in the product, including providing patches for previously released versions.
Review code of other development team members.
Prioritize work with minimal guidance.
Demonstrate completed work at the end of every development iteration.
Work with other team members to design and implement automated acceptance tests for new features.
Work with C#, T-SQL, JavaScript (Angular.js), and HTML.
Create and modify web services using RESTful interfaces.
Performance tuning and troubleshooting, including remote troubleshooting.
Create and modify build definitions.
7-10+ years of experience developing software with C#.
7-10+ years of experience developing with SQL/RDMBS.
Continued professional self-improvement or education.
Understanding of IIS and Apache and how it hosts applications.
Understanding of n-tier software implementations.
Expertise with C# or other .NET Framework language.
Experience with MSTest and unit test automation with Visual Studio.
Experience with RESTful web service
Experience with Angular.js or Backbone.js.
Experience with a service-oriented architecture.
Experience in an iterative development environment.
Experience with high-availability environments.
MicroStation and GIS knowledge and experience is highly desirable.
Traffic engineering software including McTrans, Synchro and TransCAD or PTV Vissim experience is highly desirable.
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret scientific and technical journals. Ability to respond to inquiries or complaints from clients, co-workers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to effectively present information to clients, co-workers, and the public. He/she must also have excellent writing skills and be able to communicate effectively with large and diverse groups.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with abstract and concrete variables.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical analysis, and fundamentals of geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.
Must be able to use Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel, and Project software.
Ability to prioritize special projects and daily workload to ensure that all work is completed in a timely and efficient manner.
Pursuing Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering
Programming experience in SQL and JavaScript
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Ability to work independently as well as on a team
Ability to quickly learn new technologies
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Possess a positive attitude and is a self-starter
Good problem solver, ability to identify key issues and barriers to success and to proactively resolve them
Ability to document technical processes
Detail oriented
Oracle
C#
Java
automation scripts
Abgeschlossene Informatik Studium, Ausbildung oder eine Qualifikation in einen ähnlichen Aufgaben Feld.
Grundkenntnisse in Arbeit mit moderner 3-schicht-web-Architektur mit Java/Java Script
Kenntnisse im Einordnen von Schlagwörter und Werkzeuge unter anderen OO- Methodik, UML, Eclipse, SVN und mehr
Sprach und Schreib Kenntnisse in der Deutschen Sprachen
Bereitschaft dazu Projekte in ganz Deutschland zu besuchen
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Procedure writing
Familiarity with HTML
Microsoft C# and ASP.Net
Microsoft SQL Server
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction.
Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
Base Salary with H1B SPONSORSHIP and STEM Extension support
Full Benefits which include: Health, Vision, Dental and 401(k)
Full Relocation benefits on Client project deployment
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Recognizing that each of us is completely free to wake up tomorrow and be just a little bit better.
Aware that MINDBODY must evolve to remain relevant and useful to the world.
Questioning the status quo, not accepting “...because it's always been that way? as sufficient.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent
2+ years of application development experience
Basic understanding of C# (.NET 4.0/4.5), ASP, .NET, MVC, SQL and Entity Framework
Passion for troubleshooting and problem solving
Detailed oriented, professional and possesses a positive work attitude
Communicate professionally both verbally and in writing
Develops high-quality code under the mentorship of senior software engineers.
Supports with the software design process based on functional requirements.
Supports in the creation and maintenance of project documentation.
Participates in testing all areas of the code through unit testing and bug fixes.
Regularly collaborates with other developers to evaluate work for technical feasibility.
Adheres to internal best practices and coding conventions.
All other duties as assigned.
An environment that offers a creative and fun start-up mentality however is backed by a well-established, growing and global Company
Competitive compensation combined with generous benefits and a company culture that's committed to the spirit of “Woo Hoo!,? remembering to have fun no matter how stressful the moment may be
 And much more!
Bachelors degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field, with a minimum of 3-5 years of experience in Information Technology OR In lieu of the Bachelor&#039;s degree, a minimum of 3-5 years of experience in Information
Minimum 3 years of experience in full stack development using JEE technologies
Experience developing n-tier web applications including web services
Application design experience using Design Patterns, UML, component architecture, unit/functional testing, and/ or database design/tuning
Experience in designing and developing applications using micro-services architecture and cloud based technologies
Experience in Agile application development methodology
Strong communication skills with technical and non-technical peers  
Ability to achieve results in a cross-functional matrix organization involving multiple technologies, personnel and Processes
You must be 18 years or older
You must have a high school diploma or equivalent
You must be willing to take a drug test, submit to a background investigation and submit fingerprints as part of the selection process
You must be able to satisfy the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
If currently a Synchrony Financial Employee, you must have been in your current position for at least 6 months (Level 4 – 7) or 24 months (level 8 or greater), have at least a \&#034;consistently meets expectations\&#034; performance rating and have the approval of your manager to post (or the approval of your manager and HR to apply if you dont meet the time-in-job or performance requirement
Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
If you need special accommodations, please call our Career Support Line so that we can discuss your specific situation. We can be reached at 1-866-301-5627. Representatives are available from 8am – 5pm Monday to Friday, Central Standard Time.
4 year CS / IT / Technical degree
Coding/ programming strong ability is a must: read and modify, write from scratch - some/all; C++, C#, Java- Please dont send your resume if you&#039;re not a strong programmer.
Logical problem solving skills.
Attention to details.
Out of box thinking.
Stability - QualiTest Group is a well-established, dynamic, stable company. We are the nations largest pure play testing and QA company.
Learning opportunities - Gain hands-on project experience, exposure to multiple projects, environments, testing tools and programming languages!
Welfare - We tailor our benefits to our employees needs; School tuition reimbursements, free gym membership, and more.
Culture All QualiTesters help to shape and build our company culture with a simple goal, to love coming to work.
Growth - QualiTesters have growth opportunities to move into management and continually move up the career ladder
Global With branches across the world, we always have new exciting opportunities around the corner
Teamwork- Like working in a proactive team where your input and ability are valued? QualiTest is your place!
Visit our website at www.qualitestgroup.com
Click here to check out our office vibe & culture
For more job openings, check our Career page
Writes well-designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices.
Creates website layout/user interface using standard HTML/CSS practices.
Integrates data from various back-end services and databases.
Gathers and refines specifications and requirements based on technical needs.
Creates and maintains software documentation.
Responsibility for maintaining, expanding, and scaling sites.
Stays plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities.
Cooperates with designers to match visual design intent.
Provides development insight and direction to enhance website, and new media projects.
Develops multimedia content and new media applications.
Ensures functional consistency and branding throughout the entire website, and across platforms and media.
Develops and implements production plans to meet Web goals and objectives.
Partners with consultants, application vendors, out-of-house designers, photographers, and audio and video producers.
Coordinates work with colleagues within the department and throughout Christiana Care, securing appropriate input, reviews, and approvals.
Adheres to pre-established deadlines and project budgets and secures competitive bids when appropriate.
Provides regular progress reports to management.
Performs assigned work safely, adhering to established departmental safety rules and practices. Reports to supervisor, in a timely manner, any unsafe activities, conditions, hazards, or safety violations that may cause injury to oneself, other employees, patients and visitors.
Performs other related duties as required.
Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent education in a related field.
Seven to ten years of experience in working with organizations websites and/or new media and social media projects.
An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted.
.NET development experience.
Front-end experience such as JavaScript, HTML, & CSS.
Past experience working on an Agile team is a plus.
Demonstrable talent in working under pressure and time constraints.
Strong interpersonal / communication skills.
Ability to be self-directed and a self-starter.
401K (traditional & Roth), company match with instant vesting
Health insurance - HMO, PPO, and HSA options
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Reimbursement for mobile phone account
Life / disability insurance
Unlimited time off (along with standard business holidays on which our office is closed)
Training - technical, leadership, and more
Advancement opportunities for both technical leadership & process/people leadership
Achieving Extraordinary Results
Caring For Employees, Clients and the Community
Take Responsibility & Act like an Owner
Transparent Leadership
Opportunity to make a positive difference
Passion for Innovation
Solid knowledge of Bluetooth and Wi-Fi radio communication protocols
Experience with the deployment of APIs from leading suppliers such as Qualcomm, Broadcom or equivalent
Excellent object oriented design (OOD) and object oriented programming (OOP) skills using C/C++
Familiarity with scripting languages (Python, Perl or Shell)
Experience with embedded peripherals such as Ethernet, I2C, I2S, SPI, and USB
Experience with an embedded RTOS such as Vector, KPIT, FreeRTOS or equivalent
Experience with source code management (SCM) tools (Subversion, Git, etc.)
Expertise with basic lab equipment (oscilloscopes, power supplies, multi-meters, etc.)
Knowledge and exposure to basic hardware design and can read a schematic
Familiarity with Bluetooth and BTLE embedded communication stacks
Familiarity with battery management and battery charging circuit software control
Analyze complex technical problems and propose design of comprehensive solutions
Contribute to all phases of the software lifecycle, including requirements analysis, design, implementation, test coordination, release, support, and documentation.
Agile Methodologies
SQL Server 
Microsoft .NET and C#
JavaScript / TypeScript
Single page Application Design (Angular / React.js / Knockout)
Humble personalities
Ability to work well with teammates
Candidates that are “hungry, humble, and smart? 
Docker / Azure Service Fabric
ASP.NET Core (ASP.NET 5/vNext)
CSS3 / Bootstrap
.NET Task Parallel Library
Java: You will need to have strong object-oriented design and development skills and advanced knowledge of core Java or similar programming languages. Knowledge and experience with third party libraries, frameworks, and technologies is a plus.
Database: You will need to have strong SQL composition skills. Knowledge of big data and NoSql databases is a plus! We not only write software that collects and queries data, but we also compose queries for investigation and analysis. We collect a lot of data in real time from our applications and being able to compose ad hoc queries is necessary to develop and support our products.
Analysis & Problem Solving: You will need to understand our codebase and systems and the business requirements they implement so you can effectively make changes to our applications and investigate issues.
Communication: Whether via face-to-face discussion, phone, email, chat, white-boarding, or other collaboration platforms, you must be an effective communicator who can inform, explain, enable, teach, persuade, coordinate, etc.
Team Collaboration: You must be able to effectively collaborate and share ownership of your teams codebase and applications. You must be willing to fully engage in team efforts, speak up for what you think are the best solutions, and be able to converse respectfully and compromise when necessary.
Knowledge and Experience: A well-rounded software engineer will have broad and/or deep knowledge of various topics, tools, frameworks, and methodologies related to software engineering. None are required, but the more you can bring, the better. Here are some examples:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Webservices and API development
Startup and e-commerce experience
Spring frameworks
Git and Gitflow
Big Data solutions such as Cassandra, Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Elastic Search and Solr
Hands-on with high capacity and low latency systems
Continuous integration and automated testing
Agile/Scrum
Open source projects
Server-side Javascript, Node.js
A 4-year degree in Computer Science (or related field). Graduate degree helpful.
At least 1 year of work experience in Software Engineering and development.
Bachelors degree in computer science or related degree and two plus years of experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Ability to read and interpret documents such as company policies;
Ability to write routine reports and correspondences;
Ability to communicate in a team environment.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.
Advanced experience with Microsoft Office, such as Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft Outlook;
Experience with the following:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Proficiency with Microsoft Visual Studio 2013
3 years Java/Ruby/Grails experience
Microsoft SQL Server
Image Processing (OCR, Doctyping, Transcription)
Image Conversion (PDF, TIFF)
Web Services (IIS, WebAPI, SOAP, REST)
Web Technologies (JavaScript, AngularJS, JQuery, CSS3, HTML5)
Data Transfer Formats (XML, JSON, CSV)
Unit Testing (Mocking, Test Driven)
Tools (TeamCity, Subversion)
.Net development is a plus
Competitive Pay
Ongoing Training
Casual Dress
Great Benefits:
Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K
Company paid; Basic Life Insurance and Short-Term Disability
Generous Paid Time Off
You are a continuous learner and love taking on new challenges
You have a Bachelors degree in Computer Science or ample real-world experience
Experience building and maintaining a large-scale, high-availability web application with an active and growing user base
Confidence writing tests for high-risk functionality like financial transactions
Practice designing and implementing RESTful web service APIs
Solid relational database design fundamentals
Distributed version control expertise with Git
Free catered lunches daily from the businesses in the LevelUp ecosystem
A never ending amount of coffee beans to make whatever satiates your palate (Americano, Latte, Espresso, Regular Cup O Joe)
Strong benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability and Life Insurance, fully paid for by LevelUp and 401(k) with company match
Convenient access to the MBTA via red, green & orange line (Downtown Crossing, Park Street, and South Station are only a few blocks away)
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Angular 5+
TypeScript 2+
ngrx/RXJS 5+
Lodash 4+
ES6+
Webpack
PostCSS/SASS
4+ years experience w/ JavaScript/HTML/CSS
Experience w/ Salt's (salt open or salt enterprise)
Experience w/ D3
Experience w/ React
(stretch) Experience w/ Python
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field (or equivalent experience).
At least 3 years of business experience in designing and developing complex computer application programs and working with large code base.
Effective communication both verbally and in writing, with internal teams, customers, and vendors. Ability to provide precise and accurate information in a timely manner.
Logical thinking, solid problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
Time management and organizational skills.
Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly.
Proficiency in at least one of the following programming languages: C/C++, C#, Python.
Proficiency in Unix/Linux, and scripting languages such as Perl, Shell, etc.
Experience with database, SQL query.
Experience or working knowledge with MySQL, MSSQL, DB2.
Strong skills in data manipulation and analysis.
Experience with Linux, Windows development environment.
Solid understanding of OO design.
Experience and knowledge in the following areas desired: Spark, RabbitMQ, Redis, Graylog, REST, various AWS services including AWS API, EMR, EC2 and Aurora.
Nice to have skills include basic understanding of Network, web application, Apache Tomcat.
Experience with GIT, Jenkins, etc.
Familiarity with Agile methodologies.
Experience in C#, .NET, ASP.NET & MVC, SOA and WCF/XML/Web Api development
Experience in client side development frameworks such as JavaScript, JSON and JQuery
Experience with OOP, SDLC, pattern and practices in multi-tenant system
Familiar with security mechanisms, including web and web service security and their implementations
Familiar with ORM, IOC pattern and frameworks
Experience with Team Foundation Server is a big plus
Experience in cloud based software development, and HTML5
OTA/Flights experience; with a strong understanding of the industry
Understand the unique challenges and tremendous opportunities associated with a rapidly growing fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment, with the ability to deal with ambiguity but equally the freedom to explore and innovate.
Manage a continuously evolving sets of priorities when everything (really-everything!) is important. You cant get overwhelmed or sidetracked easily.
Be vocal with idea generation; speaking-up fuels discussion, ideation and group-think. 98% ideas may fly by the way side but your impenetrable spirit allows the other 2% to soar! Your voice defines the value you bring to the organization.
Have the maturity to work on goals at hand, but also the ability to consider overall strategies
Understand power of our ownership culture; built on principles and values that compel everyone at Fareportal to think and act like an owner of the business
Bachelors Degree in Civil or Electrical Engineering
E.I.T. or on the path to obtaining licensure
Candidate must be able to work both independently and in a collaborative, team environment.
Capable of executing business communications; to include: memos, reports, analysis, etc.
Capable of multi-tasking and working in a fast paced environment
Competent in all MS Office products
Competent in basic use of computer-aided design (CAD) software
Technical writing skills to include grammar editing and content flow
Public speaking and presentation skills
Time management experience
Ability to travel as needed
Proficiency in MicroStation/AutoCAD is strongly preferred
Up to 3 years working in the field of transportation
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Software development experience with Android is essential, Windows and linux experience highly desirable.
Experience with video processing and management highly desirable.
Experience with at least one of the following protocols and standards: H.264, HDCP, IPV, HDMI, DisplayPort, TDMA is required.
Experience in Architecture model / modeling development and system validation is considered a plus.
Experience with Layer 2 and/or Layer 3 technologies like Ethernet, IPv4/IPv6 is a strong advantage.
Ideal candidate has systems background with some chip background (S/W or H/W) in Network Switching and Video Switching industry.
Create modeling and simulation tools for hardware products and systems
Contribute to investments and research that fuel innovation and technological advancements
Bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering or software engineering with one to five (1-5) years of experience
Experience with Java or C/C++ as well as OOD
Knowledge of C#/Python/MySQL/Database and Matlab a plus
Must be able to demonstrate strong interpersonal and communication skills
10+ years experience object oriented programming.
C#, ASP.NET, Python, Javacript, Oracle, SQL,
Agile development using Scrum or Kanban approach.
Development of integrated tools to extend LIMS capabilities.
Implementation of tools for data visualization across data sources.
Experience capturing requirements from end users and developing formal technical specifications.
Experience with Lab IT systems architecture and integration.
Ability to manage multiple, concurrent initiatives, maintain own workflow and meet deadlines.
Ability to work in a dynamic fast paced team environment.
Experience overseeing offshore resources to deliver team and program goals.
B.S. in Life Sciences, Engineering or Computer Science.
Working experience in a life sciences organization with Next Gen Sequencing and/or a clinical testing focus, a plus.
Experience developing and delivering software in a regulated environment (SOX, HIPAA, CLIA, FDA).
Experience using Jira, Confluence, Github.
Minimum of 10 years experience developing applications for laboratory settings.
Minimum of 5 years managing software developers.
Experience working in a matrix environment.
Thrives on challenge – Track record includes experiences where stretch goals were achieved.
Entrepreneurial - Exhibits a high level dexterity and creativity to be successful in a fast paced, startup environment, taking the lead role in prioritization and resource allocation, while also working at the leadership level to develop and implement business strategies in order to advance the organization.
Builds Teams – Forges strong diverse teams of people with multiple perspectives and talents; engages the team through their enthusiasm and excitement about the business; celebrates individuals and teams for achieving significant milestones and goals; delegates significant responsibilities to team members and holds them accountable. Has the ability to supervise, mentor, and coach staff members to meet or exceed their goals and objectives, creating a “goal oriented? team.
Creates a vision/plan – Has a clear, compelling vision of where he/she wants to take the team and has the strategic planning skills necessary to translate this vision into a thoughtful action plan.
Communicates effectively and professionally with all members of the organization, customers and external contacts.
Judgment – goes back to core values and first principles when making decisions.
 Experience with web application development such as Java Servlets, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
 Perl, Ruby, Ant, batch, and/or other scripting languages helpful.
 Fun and &lt;strong&gt;Collaborative&lt;/strong&gt; Work Environment
 Unlimited PTO
 Casual Attire
 Comprehensive Benefits Package
 Bonus Plan
 Recognition & Rewards Programs
 Wellness Programs & Activities
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field, and 0-1 year work experience. 4 years related work can be substituted for Bachelor's degree
Working Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals in data structures, algorithm design, and problem solving
Proficiency in developing objected-oriented software, with experience in one or more relevant languages (Java/J2EE, C#, Python, Ruby)
Proficiency in JavaScript, Ajax, HTML and CSS
Working knowledge of relational databases, DB2, MS SQL or similar
Working knowledge of using source control, SVN, git or similar
Strong verbal and written communication skills
A strong sense of customer focus, ownership, and urgency
Fluency in Java and core Java classes, and Struts, Spring, log4j
Experience building web services and resilient distributed systems
Knowledge of software development methodologies and best practices (Agile, Waterfall)
Knowledge of J2EE applications servers (WebSphere, WebLogic, Jboss)
Experience with build and test tools( Ant, Maven, Junit)
Experience developing on multiple platforms (Unix, Linux, Windows)
Working knowledge of network troubleshooting
Must be eligible to work in the United States without Sponsorship
Candidates must be willing and able to pass a background investigation which may include level 6C security, Public Trust clearance.
Plan and perform process-driven software development
Plan and conduct software tests
Work independently and collaboratively in a project team
Report status of technical work and project progress
Full lifecycle software development including delivery cycle and documentation development
Bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering or related degree
Two or more years of experience in software development and testing
Applied knowledge and experience performing object-oriented design, C++, java and/or python, and software development lifecycle to include documentation and testing
Applied knowledge and experience using Windows and UNIX based operating systems and real time application development is desired
Knowledge and experience in SQL, Eclipse RCP, CMMI and radar systems engineering is a plus
Knowledge and experience with formal software sizing and estimating is a plus
Design, build and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code and automation
Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications.
Identify bottlenecks and bugs in applications, and devise solutions to ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications.
Research and learn new technologies to design code reviews and application enhancements/upgrades
Collaborate cross-functionally as a key contributor in all phases of the development life-cycle.
Create and execute unit test cases and contribute to test automation.
Participate in design and code reviews.
2+ yrs experience in Java; good experience working with J2EE, Tomcat, multi-threading, and caching techniques.
Solid experience building secure and scalable APIs
Deep understanding of writing and delivering testable quality code, from the ground up.
Experience with SQL development, data modeling and data structures for high-volume and high-velocity data.
Hands-on experience with frameworks such as JUnit, TestNG, Mockito.
Javascript frameworks experience; such as Angular, React, Polymer - is a plus.
Experience with streaming data and complex event processing systems.
Working knowledge in AWS, Kafka, Apache Spark, Elasticsearch.
Python scripting is a plus.
Extensive JavaScript experience, including at least 2 years professional development with a modern framework (e.g., React, Angular, Ember)
Significant experience writing and maintaining JavaScript tests (e.g., Jasmine, Mocha, QUnit)
Ability to convert designs into cleanly coded web pages that are responsive for mobile screens
Proven track record of delivering complex web apps on tight timelines
Passion for building quality, scalable, maintainable applications
5 years of experience building complex web applications
Native mobile development experience, particularly iOS
Experience developing browser extensions for Safari or Chrome
Experience working with web sockets or WebRTC
UI testing experience (e.g, Selenium, Phantom JS)
Knowledge and understanding of software development and various languages including C++, Linux, Java, PHP, Python, SQL, and Cloud-based Services, etc...
Knowledge of optics and lasers
Knowledge of vehicles, engines, and/or exhaust systems
A technical Bachelor's Degree or 2 years of related experience
Proficiency coding with an Object Oriented Language – we use Java
Experience with front end development tools such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript
Solid understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Ability to work collaboratively in a team to brainstorm, plan and develop new features 
Twenty (20) years' experience as a SWE in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of additional SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
Fourteen (14) years' experience as a SWE in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of additional SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
Work closely with architecture, hardware and driver teams through the product development lifecycle of computing and graphics processors.
You will be responsible for crafting software tools and infrastructure required for new chip development, validation, and productization.
You will assess new hardware features and architect manufacturing diagnostic tests using pre-beta CUDA and OpenGL extensions.
This job will require an understanding of our hardware and software architectures.
 BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science
 5+ years of experience
 Strong C/C++ programming skills
Familiarity with PC architecture, and ability to work close to the hardware
Familiarity with graphics and display device technologies is a plus
Previous experience of working on a large system software code base is preferable
 Very strong problem solving and debugging skills
Ability to self-manage, show leadership, and have good communication skills
2+ years solid professional coding experience in Ruby on Rails
1+ years working on ReactJS
Experience designing and building web applications (Front-end and Back-end)
Background and knowledge of CS principles such as data structures and algorithms
Experience with object-oriented design
Skills in MySQL, PostgreSQL, or other relational databases
Experience with agile development methodologies
Experience with Linux and supporting application in a Linux environment
A good eye for usability and visual aesthetics and willingness to learn more
Excellent communication skills and attitude
Willingness to learn and explore new technologies
Willingness to interact with customer when the code breaks in production
Positive work attitude, self-motivator, quick learner, and a team player
BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field preferred
Competitive benefits package including Medical, Vision, Dental, and 401k.
Wonderful Giving (www.wonderfulgiving.com) -- allowing you to donate company money to a cause of your choice.
Onsite Fitness Center
Onsite Wellness Center
Bachelor's degree in computer science, or equivalent experience.
3+ years' experience working with Enterprise-class SaaS products using technologies like Java, Spring, Web/RESTful services, Oracle, MongoDB and AWS.
Demonstrated experience in the areas of Object Oriented Programming, design patterns, microservice patterns.
3+ years hands-on development experience.
Experience with Apache Kafka and/or Elasticsearch a plus.
Ability to understand the design and independently work on implementation of software components within the larger platform.
Outstanding collaboration, time management, communication skills as well as ability to work independently.
Enterprise operationalization: Your work will directly translate to business value - launching customers and products is important, but optimizing how we do this will multiply that impact. You will use your technical skills to guide how we accelerate our business.
Massive data: You will dive in to terabytes of structured and unstructured data from large enterprises, and develop actionable insights using our machine learning platform..
Linux hacking: You will build a toolset to aggressively dive into data, systems, and compute platforms to get the results you are seeking.
Machine learning: You will demonstrate and use machine learning to build models that detect advanced cyber adversaries.
Pushing the limits: This role will be on the cutting edge of our product development. As we push to solve more of our customer challenges, you will be prototyping new features and product ideas.
Commercial software engineering: You have 2+ years of professional software development experience with languages and systems such as Python, Scala, Java, and version control (git).
Sales/Solution/System engineering: You have 1+ years of SE experience working directly with customers, building trust and guiding them through the sales process.
Big data: You have working knowledge of big data infrastructure such as Hadoop, HDFS, Spark, and AWS. Youve setup infrastructure and built data analysis pipelines with terabytes of data and understand the challenges of manipulating such large datasets.
Cybersecurity: You are intimately familiar with defending corporate networks as evidenced by having:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Familiarity with network data logs and tool such as Splunk and FireEye
Operationalized and created security analytics
Hunted for threats within a Security Operations Center (SOC)
Excelled at red team/blue team exercises
CS fundamentals: You have earned at least a B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related degree AND you have a strong ethos of continuously learning new technologies.
Interest in Machine Learning: You are exploring machine learning techniques and have used tools like scikit-learn and pandas.
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen or permanent resident.
Travel: You are willing to travel 20 to 50% of the time.
Equal Opportunity: We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Competitive base salary and generous equity.
Annual Choose Your Own Benefit (CYOB) lump sum to allocate as you see fit, 401k, FSA etc., (Subject to pro-rated terms).
Full medical/dental/vision package. Versive covers 90% of employee premiums and 75% of dependent premiums.
Flexible vacation policy and nine paid holidays.
High impact work; help shape the strategic direction of the company.
Accelerated career growth and opportunity.
Sharp, motivated co-workers in a flexible office environment.
Fully stocked kitchen and lunches are provided regularly throughout the week.
1-2 years of professional hands-on development experience
Extensive experience using open source software libraries
Strong experience in at least one MVC architecture or application of the pattern
Solid understanding of modern JS frameworks—we use NodeJS and ReactJS (these are highly preferred)
Java experience in the application tier and familiarity with application containers
Experience with dealing JSON and XML documents
Hands on experience with varieties of graphing libs such as D3.js
Hands of experience in deploying services on AWS or Google Cloud platform
Must have built end to end continuous integration and deployment infrastructure for UI services
B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or another relevant technical field
Must embody a coaching mentality and serve as a mentor to fellow team members
Prior experience using a modular, common and scalable UI platform
Experience using chef, puppet or any other deployment automation tools
Experience working within a distributed engineering team including offshore
Bonus points if you have contributed to an open source project
Familiarity and experience with agile (scrum) development process
Experience working within a distributed engineering team including offshore
Proven track record of identifying and championing new technologies that enhance the end-user experience, software quality, and developer productivity
Flexible Time Off (FTO) (vacation, sick, volunteer = your choice!)
Corporate discounts
Generous insurance policies (pets included!)
Tuition reimbursement
Money for fitness programs
End of month surprises, contests, BBQs, parties & reward vacations
Kitchen stocked with daily tasty snacks and drinks
Free parking & commuter benefits
401k & employee match
Education Requirement: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of additional SSWE or equivalent experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
At least Twelve (12) years of experience as a SSWE or equivalent on a project with a focus on Radio Frequency (RF) to include experience with Fourier transforms, filtering, communications theory, digital modulation, error control coding, signals analysis tools (e.g. WVT, DVT), and digital signal processing (e.g. adaptive beamforming/filtering, demodulation).
Additional Experience Preferred: Software defined radio architectures (e.g. SCA, REDHAWK, or GNU), commercial wireless standards, geolocation techniques, software configuration management tools (e.g. GIT, Clearquest, Trac, or Subversion), Python, Eclipse IDE, Google Protocol Buffer, model-based design (e.g. Matlab, SIMULINK), service oriented architecture, and Linux OS.
Analyzes design and determines coding, programming and integration activities required based upon general objects and knowledge of overall architecture of product and solutions
Writes and executes testing plans, protocols and documentation for assigned portion of application
Identifies, debugs and creates solutions for issues with code and integration into application architecture
Participates in team of other software application engineers to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions
Collaborates and communicates with management and internal development partners regarding software application design status, project progress and issue resolution
Represents the software applications engineering team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects &lt;br/&gt;What it takes:&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;• Recent Bachelor or Master Degree in computer science, software engineering, computer engineering, information systems or related fields.
Experience with developing front-end web applications is preferred.
Experience with browser side development (DHTML/HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON).
Experience with JavaScript is a plus
Experience using software application design tools, source control tools, build environments and languages.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Proficiency in Python - able to write good, clean, testable, Python code
Experience with MySQL, Django, TDD and git
An understanding of SEO and accessibility best practices
Experience with JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5 a plus
Familiarity with nginx, redis and celery a plus
A strong attention to detail
A basic knowledge of Agile development practices
2+ years of professional experience developing web applications
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Familiarity with the fast-paced startup environment and culture
A team player with excellent written and verbal communication skills
Amazing Judgment
Clear Communications
Impactful
Curiously Innovative
Passionately Courageous
Selfless Honesty
Minimum of 4 years of industry experience in engineering.
Youre fluent in at least one major programming language and would be able to switch between multiple languages. In our stack, we mainly use PHP, Scala, and Go, with Objective-C, Swift, and Java for our mobile apps.
You have solid experience building software on top of relational databases such as Postgres or MySQL.
You know what it means to write high quality, maintainable, testable code, and you enjoy doing it.
You can break down complex problems rigorously and understand the tradeoffs necessary to deliver great, impactful products.
Youre curious, youre data-driven, you love to ask questions, and you think critically about problems.
Youre comfortable communicating about your work with both technical and non-technical team members, including fellow engineers, product managers, designers, and analysts.
You love delivering value to your users and your teammates through your work.
You have experience building and maintaining reliable, performant distributed systems.
Youve owned and driven the development of complex projects or feature areas over the course of several months or years.
Youve used AWS and its suite of technologies such as DynamoDB, Elastic Beanstalk, etc.
Youre familiar with the big data ecosystem (Hadoop/HDFS, Hive, Spark, etc).
Youve demonstrated your ability to thrive in a fast-paced startup environment.
Learn more about our culture, benefits, and perks
Learn more about engineering at Thumbtack
Follow Thumbtack on LinkedIn
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
An opportunity to be part of dynamic, continually growing company and culture where your contributions make a real difference and new ideas are always welcome. 
Amazingly smart and dedicated team at Verba.
A competitive compensation package with generous benefits.
The best office and culture with talent to match.
Verba, from its inception, cares passionately about lowering the cost of course materials, and its central to our business objectives with VitalSource.
Cutting edge digital open source technology stacks and high volume global transactions that have a massive positive impact on students, classrooms, and institutions of higher learning
Organizational stability, career support, and enterprise level infrastructure support from Ingram Content Group, the worlds largest and most trusted distributor of physical and digital content.
Expand existing software
Develop new software products from the ground up, staying true to our company's core values and needs while lending your own creativity to the mix.
Focus on creating fault-tolerant programming.
Create scalable, automated solutions.
Work directly with support to solve customer problems.
Write tests for existing and new code.
Education Requirement: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of additional SSWE or equivalent experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
At least Seven (7) years of experience as a SSWE or equivalent on a project with a focus on Radio Frequency (RF) to include experience with Fourier transforms, filtering, communications theory, digital modulation, error control coding, signals analysis tools (e.g. WVT, DVT), and digital signal processing (e.g. adaptive beamforming/filtering, demodulation).
Additional Experience Preferred: Software defined radio architectures (e.g. SCA, REDHAWK, or GNU), commercial wireless standards, geolocation techniques, software configuration management tools (e.g. GIT, Clearquest, Trac, or Subversion), Python, Eclipse IDE, Google Protocol Buffer, model-based design (e.g. Matlab, SIMULINK), service oriented architecture, and Linux OS.
Design, author, maintain and refactor game systems that meet all design, technical and schedule requirements.
Work closely with QA and your technical leadership to ensure the stability and accuracy of game systems by identifying, communicating and resolving defects.
Author, review and provide feedback on technical and end-user documentation of game systems.
Collaborate with technical leadership and other engineers to help establish overall technical design and architecture.
Collaborate with designers and content creators to brainstorm solutions that satisfy design and content requirements.
Work closely with the production staff in building and maintaining realistic schedules and identifying dependencies.
Coordinate with QA and leads to ensure successful roll out of new features to the team and establish testing and maintenance of systems.
B.S. degree in Computer Science or equivalent.
4+ years of professional game programming experience.
Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio and C++ programming.
Experience developing game-play systems for a published game.
Experience working on production game title from concept to ship.
Experience with gameplay scripting (Lua, Python, Unrealscript, etc).
Familiarity with XCode and Objective-C programming (preferred).
Familiarity with Unreal Engine programming (preferred).
Familiarity with online profile servicing, A/B testing and content delivery (preferred).
Familiarity with the release process including systems related to localization, certification and asset management. (preferred).
Thorough knowledge and comfort with object-oriented programming concepts.
Basic knowledge of commonly used design patterns.
Familiarity with version control (CVS, SVN, Perforce, etc.).
Enjoyment of solving complex problems.
Enjoyment of constantly learning about new hardware, software and programming languages.
Excellent debugging skills.
Ability to easily communicate technical topics with both engineers and non-technical people.
Ability to openly discuss and review technical proposals, requirements, designs, algorithms, source code, and reference documents with engineers, content creators and managers.
Strong desire to build industry-leading game systems and ship the highest quality AAA games.
Recent or upcoming graduate of a 4-year Civil Engineering degree program
A focus or coursework related to roadway, transportation, or drainage preferred
Hands on experience with engineering software such as Microstation/InRoads and/or AutoCAD
Strong written and oral communications skills
Engineer-In-Training (EIT)
Prior engineering related internships or similar experience; will consider up to 4 years of experience
Education Requirement: Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of SSWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
Formal training in, or demonstrated proficiency with software defined radio architectures (e.g. SCA, REDHAWK or GNU).
General Experience Requirement: Candidate shall possess college courses or demonstrated experience with two (2) of the following: (1) software configuration management tools (e.g. Trac/Subversion), (2) multi-threaded processing, (3) C/C++, (4) Python, (5) Eclipse IDE, (6) Google Protocol Buffer, (7) service oriented architecture, or (8) Linux OS.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, flexibility, team spirit, and positive approach.
History of learning new technologies quickly.
Willingness to work in a dynamic agile environment and participate in all aspects of our agile process. &lt;br/&gt;#LI-SH1&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;To submit your application to this position, please click Apply . On the next screen, after you click Apply, click Create to establish your candidate account. If you have previously created a candidate account, please slick Sign-In and use that account to complete your application.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Work on a diverse, cross-functional team that is defining the future evolution of &lt;em&gt;League of Legends&lt;/em&gt;: a big game, with a big playerbase, and big demands
Work closely with artists, designers, and engineers on R&D teams to breathe life into game concepts
Build a massive global platform for deploying and operating backend services with low latency and high availability
Extend the big data pipeline that turns petabytes of anonymized user data into useful insights on how players behave and help inform decisions to keep game experiences balanced and fresh
Design and implement cutting edge web user interfaces that allow players to interact with each other and the &lt;em&gt;League of Legends&lt;/em&gt; universe in new and exciting ways
Write cross-platform code to power native applications on disparate mobile devices in order to allow players to connect with each other from anywhere on the planet
Develop awesome experiences and products optimized for players around the world in one of our local offices
Delight players in one of hundreds of roles that arent explicitly mentioned here
Player-focused: youre a gamer whose passion for games (especially &lt;em&gt;League of Legends&lt;/em&gt;) helps you stay focused on initiatives that make the difference to players in and out of the game
A threat to convention: bored by whats considered traditional, you constantly push past limits until the status is no longer quo; you dont think outside the box because, hey, theres no box
Focused on team: you find, shape, and cultivate teams that dont just swing for the fences, they jack that (metaphorical) baseball beyond the stars; you help Rioters develop the tools and creative atmosphere to shine, but ultimately hold them accountable for making smart calls and delivering capital-V value
Seriously playful: you work hard but always leave time for pentakills; whether youre grabbing a game of &lt;em&gt;League&lt;/em&gt; in our onsite PC Bang or rapidly sharing cat GIFs, you make time for daily play in all of its wonderful forms
Humbitious: youre ambitious but humble, a state of being summed up by fans of portmanteau as humbitious; always shooting for the stars, you never forgo rounds of feedback from teammates, players, and partners who keep you from drifting off into space
Design clean intuitive user interfaces
Effectively communicate designs to team
Implement clean, intuitive user interfaces
Analyze, refactor and improve legacy user interfaces 
Generate user documentation
Proficient in C++
At least three years experience developing production-grade C++
​​Experience with QT development
Experience with QtQuick/QML development
Experience with 3D rendering (OpenGL, WebGL, OpenSceneGraph, QtSceneGraph)
Experience with Java Swing
Experience developing touchscreen interfaces
Experience VR/AR is a bonus
Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Computer Science
High proficiency in C / C++
Deep understanding of object oriented programming
Able to diagnose and solve problems quickly and independently
Able to learn and master complicated code systems
Able to write clean, bug-free, well-documented and efficient code
Experience in console development as an engineer is a solid plus
Passion for videogames
Good team player
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field OR related practical experience
8+ years professional experience in software development
5+ years leveraging C#.NET
5+ years experience with HTML, CSS, Javascript
Deep knowledge of current and legacy versions Angular, leveraging TypeScript. Similar Javascript frameworks considered.
Demonstrated experience designing, creating, testing, and consuming REST APIs with a focus on security and performance.
Ability to develop unit tests and effectively automate test execution
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Hunger to learn and an intense technical curiosity
Critical thinker and solutions-oriented
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Desire to learn new technologies
Tenacity and persistence
Working knowledge of creating cloud-native applications
Experience developing with .NET Core
Experience with scrum methodology
Experience tuning and maximizing performance of UI & API components
Understanding of common design patterns and appropriate usage
Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package
Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts
Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program
Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions
Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships
Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life
Fourteen (14) years experience in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.
Good understanding of databases (MySQL experience a plus)
Self-motivated and team oriented
Desire to understand and maintain web applications end-to-end
Understanding of DNS, HTTP, SSL, and Version Control
Browsers and Javascript Engines
Asynchronous Programming
Algorithms and design
Machine learning
Client Cloud Architectures
Data Analytics
Distributed computing
Networking
Compiler Technologies
Asynchronous Programming
Language Skills (Javascript Java, Node.js, Typescript, HTML5, CSS etc)
Minimum 5+ years of hands-on high-performance development experience in Web technologies such as Web Apps, Browsers, JavaScript Engines, Web Servers, etc.
Experience identifying performance bottlenecks using profilers and coming up with innovations to improve the overall page performance.
Excellent development and debugging skills using Java, JavaScript and/or C/C++
Experience in programming in a browser-based environment is a plus
Prior experience being part of a team that delivered early versions of a product in a successful startup is a plus
Minimum Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science (or equivalent)
Actively engage in our culture of continuous learning, personal and professional development, and lead community service and social gathering events
Competitive Salary
Exceptional 401k – 3% company match with additional 1% if annual plan is achieved
Plenty of Paid Time Off - 4 weeks of vacation time plus 9 holidays
Paid sabbatical after 5 years of service for Principal levels and above
Paid parental leave
Company Ownership through Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day at Pariveda
Excellent Healthcare and Wellness
100% company paid premiums for you and your family (medical, dental, vision)
Life Insurance
Short Term and Long Term Disability
No demonstrated experience is required.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
 BS/MS in Computer Science or a related field
 Prior development experience is preferred
 Must have experience with Java and SQL
 Knowledge of C# strongly preferred
 Knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, CSS, HTML, JPA, JUnit
 Knowledge of RESTful web service design principles
 Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and reusable components
 Knowledge of AWS services and/or Cloud based methodologies
 Sorry, no sponsorship or OPT.
MicroStation and GIS knowledge and experience is highly desirable.
Traffic engineering software including McTrans, Synchro and TransCAD or PTV Vissim experience is highly desirable.
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret scientific and technical journals. Ability to respond to inquiries or complaints from clients, co-workers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to effectively present information to clients, co-workers, and the public. He/she must also have excellent writing skills and be able to communicate effectively with large and diverse groups.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with abstract and concrete variables.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical analysis, and fundamentals of geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.
Must be able to use Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel, and Project software.
Ability to prioritize special projects and daily workload to ensure that all work is completed in a timely and efficient manner.
Demonstrates basic written/verbal skills
Has good grasp of grammar and sentence structure for technical writing
Listens/gives constructive feedback
Good group interaction skills
Ability to follow directions and project plans
Creativity/Problem Solving
Demonstrates ability to solve problems of limited scope and perform root cause analysis
Analyzes data using standard, straightforward methods
Grasps technical concepts and asks for clarification and direction when needed
Technical Expertise
Ability to implement designs for well-defined blocks
Understands and applies accepted engineering principles and practices
Assists with design or modification of a product, service, or process
Working knowledge of software languages (assembler, C, C++, etc.)
Working knowledge if software development tools (compilers, debuggers, emulators, etc.)
Working knowledge of software development in PC and/or Embedded Systems
Working knowledge of PC Operating Systems and/or Real Time Operating Systems
1+ year of experience as a Software Engineer
Bachelors Degree in a related field
Proficient experience using ASP.Net, MS SQL and VSTS
Solid understanding of Web Technology and experience using or creating Web Services
Good understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, CSS
Experience with Software Lifecycle / Configuration Management and Change Control
Solid problem solving and time management skills
Great interpersonal skills
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)
Strong attention to detail
Highly organized
Able to multitask efficiently and effectively
Degree in Computer Science or a related field
Utilize different tools and practices to guide teams from theory to actionable tasks and working software
Work with business partners and vendors to define high-level project goals
Act as software engineering subject matter expert during R&D efforts
Turn existing laboratory workflows into user stories for a production backlog
Assist in the creation of product backlogs in preparation for sprint planning
Push the team toward excellence in agile just in time requirements gathering
 US citizenship required.&lt;strong&gt; We do not offer sponsorships.&lt;/strong&gt;
Bachelor's Degree in a technical field
Able to work on a team
Demonstrated experience with full-stack development
Build and deployment with maven and jenkins
Database technology
Distributed analytics and processing
Geo-spatial data and analytics
AWS infrastructure and tooling
Active TS Security Clearance
Casual Work Environment
Intellectually Challenging Work
Health Insurance
Short Term Disability Insurance
Generous Defined Benefit Retirement
Very Flexible Vacation Policy
Want to know more? Check out our recruitment video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_b2EY1tlRM
Commonwealth Computer Research, Inc. does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.
Design, program and implement software applications & packages, in conjunction with hardware product development, customized to meet specific client needs.
Review, repair and modify software systems to ensure technical accuracy & reliability of programs using scientific analysis and mathematical models.
Analyze the communications, informational, database and programming requirements of clients; plan, develop, design, test and implement appropriate software systems.
Review existing information systems to determine compatibility with projected or identified client needs research and select appropriate systems, including ensuring forward compatibility of existing systems.
Train on use of information systems and provide technical and de-bugging support.
Analyze software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints.
Develops and directs software system testing procedures, programming and documentation.
Consult with hardware engineers and other engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software and operational and performance requirements of overall system.
Consult with customer concerning maintenance of software systems.
May be required to co-ordinate installation of software system.
Experience with the following technologies:&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;C++ programming language
Windows operating systems
Object-oriented software development
Excellent verbal / written communication and organizational skills
Team-oriented personality
Visual Studio integrated development environments
GIT and Subversion software version control systems
QT, Boost, XML
Agile software development
Multi-threaded software programming
Satellite ground systems or satellite command and control
Mission scheduling
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, or similar field
None with a Bachelor's Degree
Semantic interpretation of received messages; includes conversation modeling and natural language processing.
Modeling highly complex calendars and meeting preferences across many different usage patterns.
Formulating “bite-sized? tasks and distributing real-time work load across a network of international human contractors.
New user interfaces for combining machine learning and human expertise to process message-based tasks; we've built a “mail client? and “calendar client? like no other.
Engineering underlying services (such as messaging protocols, calendaring servers, real-time work dispatching) to come together reliably and support the items above.
Experience with React and Flux.
Experience with Python, Flask, SQLAlchemy, and AWS.
A cover letter explaining why you think you are a great match for Clara.
A link to a Github repo of yours.
Tell us about one of your interesting projects!
BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline or equivalent practical experience.
Experience with programming in at least one of the following: Python, Java, Ruby, Perl, or JavaScript.
You have experience working with relational and distributed databases.
You have experience in a highly iterative environment with automated testing and continuous delivery.
Experience building RPC services using either Thrift, gRPC, or equivalent
Experience with containers and Kubernetes
Competitive salary and benefits
Upbeat Innovated Culture
Professional training opportunities
Flexible schedules
Pursuing Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering
Programming experience in SQL and JavaScript
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Ability to work independently as well as on a team
Ability to quickly learn new technologies
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Possess a positive attitude and is a self-starter
Good problem solver, ability to identify key issues and barriers to success and to proactively resolve them
Ability to document technical processes
Detail oriented
Oracle
C#
Java
automation scripts
BS in Computer Science or Engineering or additional experience in the field
High level of proficiency in at most of our Core Technologies below
Fundamentals or better in at least a few other technologies (that dont have to be on our list)
Some experience using some form of source control and unit testing
Experience troubleshooting and taking responsibility for small features, from design to user delivery
Empathy for the end user and a desire to measure your work by both the customer value and technical quality
A bias for action tempered with thinking about the implications of the work youre doing
Enthusiasm for the field and professional development/improvement outside the day to day job
.NET 4.5, C#
ASP.NET MVC and Web API
.NET Unit Testing, Mock Frameworks
MS SQL Server / T-SQL, Windows Azure SQL
HTML 5, JavaScript, CSS/LESS, JavaScript Unit Testing
Source Control (git)
Cloud Computing (Windows Azure, PaaS and IaaS)
T4, scripting in PowerShell and JavaScript
Advanced .NET concepts: .NET Portable Class Libraries, Threading,
advanced database development or administration in SQL Server or Azure SQL
Operations: Build, Test, and Deployment Automation
Distributed Computing
Object Serialization - persistence and caching over long lifetimes and mixed environments
Reporting
Knowledge of iOS or Android SDK
Programming experience with at least one of the following languages: swift, java, corona, kotlin, c/c++
Knowledge of git
Ability to collaborate and communicate in a team setting
Willingness to develop new skills and learn new programming languages
Experience with scripting languages: python, bash, etc.
Experience with REST
Experience with Agile environments
Experience using Test Driven Design
Programming experience in embedded Linux environments with C
Networking knowledge and troubleshooting skills
VoIP and streaming video space
Participate in full life-cycle software development
Design, implement, and deploy highly scalable and reliable systems
Build storage systems, libraries, and frameworks.
Contribute ideas for new features and identify areas for improvement proactively
Collaborate effectively across teams, including outside of engineering
Write clean, tested, and well-documented code
BA/BS in Computer Science or related field
3+ year of industry experience
Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms and software design
Fluency with Java, C++, Python, or similar (we use mostly Java)
Openness to new technologies and creative solutions
Comfortable working within a fast-paced high growth startup environment
Two (2) or more years of direct experience with one or more of the following: C#, Java, Javascript
Knowledge of JSON and/or RESTful web services, SQL Server, and network programming
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Design and build robust, high-volume, low-latency applications for mission-critical systems
Write well-designed, testable, and efficient code
Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle
Prepare and produce releases of software components
Support continuous improvement by investigating and presenting alternative technologies for team review
3-5 years of hands-on experience with JVM languages such as Kotlin, Groovy, or Java
Experience building highly-scalable, concurrent, large-volume applications
Experience with microservice system architecture and design patterns
Ability to work collaboratively with the team to brainstorm solutions
Ability to multitask on several complex programming assignments while simultaneously balancing multiple deadlines and priorities
Knowledge of software development principles and design patterns
Experience with non-relational databases
Personal initiative, self-motivation, and results-oriented work ethic and ability to work independently with minimal supervision
Develop content-creation algorithms to generate adaptive questions for all our subjects
Engage in every aspect of the development process, including design, coding, testing, debugging, and tuning
Work with our front-end team to implement interactive components and integrate them into IXLs skills
Collaborate closely with our design teams to create the best questions for our users
Bachelors or advanced degree in computer science or a related discipline
Excellent programming skills in Java or other object-oriented language
Strong analytical-reasoning and problem-solving skills
Ability to collaborate in a small team
Knowledge of Unix, Java, SQL, JavaScript, CSS, or source control is a plus
Passion for improving education through technology
Database principles, processes, technologies, and tools (data modeling, design)
Experience with databases and SQL
Working knowledge of a high level programming language (c#, Java)
Effective written and verbal communication and presentation skills
High comfort level interacting with colleagues and with various levels of client organizations
Strong sense of customer service to consistently and effectively addresses customer needs
Ability to deal with highly sensitive and confidential information and adhere to data security and confidentiality protocols and procedures
BS/BA in Computer science, information systems, or other technology/science degree
1+ years' experience in technology or technology related field
No demonstrated experience is required. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required. Four (4) years of software engineering experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor&#039;s degree.
Continue to learn, grow, and help us take on brand new challenges.
Be a key part of the larger iOS developer community at Yelp.
Deep understanding of the iOS platform (Objective-C or Swift, preferably both).
Strong experience with iOS testing, from breaking controller logic into unit-testable pieces to automated UI testing.
Eagerness to embrace scalability, reliability, and performance challenges.
Familiarity with client/server and API tech stacks.
Pointers to past mobile applications you've built.
If possible, demonstrable contribution to F/OSS projects.
If you dont have at least one year of experience in a similar role, please take a look at our College Engineering roles instead!
LI-MS1
A passion for engineering - You are an experienced server-side developer with a proven track record of delivering great software.
Experience in designing and building secure and scalable APIs
An understanding of testing - You write code that is tested and testable and you take responsibility for the quality of the code you produce. If youre an advocate of TDD, even better.
You can discuss design patterns, memory management and performance optimization. You can write code from the ground up without needing frameworks.
Experience in design, implementation and deployment of API services
Experience in Java, JEE, Spring frameworks, Tomcat, Hibernate, multi-threading, and caching techniques
Experience in building workflow engines and/or integrating with existing workflow engines like Activiti or equivalent BPM frameworks
Experience with rules engine like Drools or similar BRMS systems
Knowledge of microservices and frameworks like Docker, Spring Boot, DropWizard is a bonus
Experience with streaming data and complex event processing systems is a plus
Produce maintainable code, follow best practice standards, and build appropriate unit, integration, and end-to-end tests.
An urge to collaborate with other architects, designers, product managers and software developers to influence product direction and functional requirements.
Ability to coach and collaborate inside and outside the team - You enjoy working closely with others, teaching and learning, and are comfortable showing off your work.
Have a positive energy and enthusiasm - cultural fit is a big deal for us, we're looking for smart people who are excited about solving big problems and are self-motivated to get things done.
Are highly organized and professional attitude to work - Youre an exceptional communicator, you are pragmatic and you know how to build trust.
Big technical problems to solve - Youll have the chance to push boundaries and learn from an excellent team.
The opportunity to work for one of the coolest hyper-growth companies in technology.
Be part of our award-winning working Software Development environments in York, Paris and San Francisco.
A long list of incredible benefits worthy of a leading Silicon Valley tech firm. We offer highly competitive packages - we're serious about attracting the best technologists in the industry.
A rewarding career with a company that values diversity and invests in you. You'll be working with super smart people who are pushing Java to its limits.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
BS, EE or CS degree preferred
8+ years of related experience desired
Fluent in a broad swath of C#, including memory storage, Generics with Type Constraints, Custom Events, Custom Attributes, Generic Delegates, Multi-threading, Reflection, Extension Methods, lambda expressions, fluent with the primary file system operation classes, windows services; understand the garbage collection architecture and techniques for monitoring.
Understands what aspect-oriented programming is and has used AOP frameworks such as PostSharp.
Solid understanding of LINQ including advanced query operations.
Can explain polymorphism and how abstract classes differ from interfaces and is fluent with essential design patterns.
Has a solid understanding of dependency injection, YAGNI, loose coupling/high cohesion and UML diagrams.
Can demonstrate intrinsic interest in architecture design concepts.
Fluent in both normalized and denormalized database designs.
Familiar with implementing paging, recursive and persistence operations.
Can create stored procedures and database functions, as well as describe the difference between the two.
Knows the fundamental concepts of TDD: start with failing test, implement passing of the test, refactor, and has used mocking frameworks.
Solid experience with ASP.NET MVC, .NET Web Forms and WebAPI.
Understanding of relevant Web Forms persistence technologies.
Working knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS technologies is a plus.
Skilled in Presenting – can effectively communicate in large or small group settings.
Business Awareness – understands current and possible future business trends and information.
Leadership experience including mentoring more junior team members
Able to provide technical leadership.
Ability to interface with management and technical experts.
Can implement an SOA architecture, with distributed caching, improve scalability and performance of a high volume data operation.
Develops and presents many varied and unique ideas.
Investigate ways to model historical event behavior to provide baselines for comparison when visualizing current event activity
Stand up an instance of Zeppelin for an Apache Spark cluster on AWS and write a Spark analytic that summarizes event data stored in AWS S3 and writes the results to Elasticsearch
Build and maintain a streaming ETL infrastructure capable of reliably processing thousands of events a second and writing them to a clustered Kafka topic
You love technology (eg. MEAN, LAMP, ELK, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Hadoop, AWS, and more)
You've got a solid foundation in development, and aren’t tied to one language or framework—we’re using Java, JavaScript, C++, PHP, Python, HTML, CSS, AngularJS and Spring (among others)
You're tired of refactoring someone else’s code built on ancient technology
You want to work in a lively yet laid-back environment full of people who love learning (and craft beer/fine coffee)
You're tired of being bored at work; and you remember when coding used to be fun
You want to build stuff people actually use
Because tabs &gt; spaces. Because spaces&gt;tabs. ugh, nevermind… O_o
You're a U.S. Citizen and want to obtain a high-level security clearance
Design, develop, test, and maintain production-level enterprise applications deployed to cloud infrastructure
Extend open-source libraries and systems as necessary to meet the needs of the team
Design and implement functionality that spans from storage to middleware to browser
Create interactive Web-based user interface components and data visualizations
Work closely with customers and teammates to rapidly build, test, and deploy new capabilities
Investigate ways to model historical event behavior to provide baselines for comparison when visualizing current event activity
Stand up an instance of Zeppelin for an Apache Spark cluster on AWS and write a Spark analytic that summarizes event data stored in AWS S3 and writes the results to Elasticsearch
Build and maintain a streaming ETL infrastructure capable of reliably processing thousands of events a second and writing them to a clustered Kafka topic
You love technology (eg. MEAN, LAMP, ELK, Spark, Storm, Cassandra, Hadoop, AWS, and more)
You've got a solid foundation in development, and aren’t tied to one language or framework—we’re using Java, JavaScript, C++, PHP, Python, HTML, CSS, AngularJS and Spring (among others)
You're tired of refactoring someone else’s code built on ancient technology
You want to work in a lively yet laid-back environment full of people who love learning (and craft beer/fine coffee)
You're tired of being bored at work; and you remember when coding used to be fun
You want to build stuff people actually use
Because tabs &gt; spaces. Because spaces&gt;tabs. ugh, nevermind… O_o
You're a U.S. Citizen and want to obtain a high-level security clearance
experience in collaborating with product teams and The Business, ensuring code quality and iterative lean delivery.
Experience in a highly regulated industry, particularly finance.
experience with a variety of distributed systems (such as Kafka), stream processing and building business critical, highly scalable, fault-tolerant apps.
Familiarity with Docker, Mesos, and/or experience with distributed database systems.
Github or other open source code we can check out.
Were supporting small business, the engine of economic growth.
Were helping facilitate higher yields for investors and lower interest rates for borrowers.
We can fund loans extremely quickly, all online!
We have a clear competitive advantage globally in areas like domain expertise and regulatory processes.
An entrepreneurial mindset. Eager to join a dynamic, fast-paced, startup environment, and take the initiative building the Kloudless platform.
Confident in coming up with innovative solutions, and challenging the status quo. Can make quick decisions based on a variety of business or product demands.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
A Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
Competitive compensation and stock option plan
Benefits package including medical, dental, vision, and life insurance
Flexible paid time off and work from home policies
Free snacks, lunches, dinners, and team outings
Transportation benefits. Were a block away from Downtown Berkeley BART!
Gym/wellness reimbursement
Dog-friendly office. Woof!
&lt;p&gt;Builder who can implement solutions across diverse tech stacks and fit into a team who has embraced continuous delivery.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Strong development experience with Node.js.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Experience building service-oriented APIs and cloud services.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Demonstrable experience with a cloud infrastructure provider (preferably AWS) building services.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Fully understands the concepts of &#034;infrastructure as code&#034;.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Able to communicate complex concepts clearly and accurately.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Able to iterate with new technologies and approaches as their respective open source communities push them forward.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Experience maintaining a complex system after its deployed to production.&lt;/p&gt;
Experience with relational, NoSQL and/or graph database and data modeling.
&lt;p&gt;Experience with security technologies such as identity and access, data protection, encryption and key management, event correlation and incident analysis.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Understanding of secure software development lifecycle including open source security analysis, static/dynamic application security testing.&lt;/p&gt;
Bachelor's degree
3+ years of demonstrable experience
1+ year of experience as a Software Engineer
Bachelors Degree in a related field
Proficient experience using ASP.Net, MS SQL and VSTS
Solid understanding of Web Technology and experience using or creating Web Services
Good understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, CSS
Experience with Software Lifecycle / Configuration Management and Change Control
Solid problem solving and time management skills
Great interpersonal skills
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)
Strong attention to detail
Highly organized
Able to multitask efficiently and effectively
Degree in Computer Science or a related field
Good knowledge and experience designing and developing applications and reusable components using J2EE technologies, SOA architecture, Application servers (including but not limited to Jboss)
Strong relational database skills in MySQL/SQL Server/Oracle or PostgreSQL
Experience in developing application using various XML technologies.
Understanding of service-oriented architecture (SOA) deployments with ability to design applications.
Experience in Java technologies: JMS, MDB, JPA (Hibernate), and servlets/applets/JSP
Strong knowledge of Enterprise Messaging/Integration Patterns
Experience with Test Driven Development
Demonstrated aptitude to quickly and effectively adapt to technologies outside of current experience.
Excellent organizational and communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to work independently
Ability to work extra hours and adjust schedule and recognize the need to do so.
Experience with high-volume, real-time applications
JBOSS 7+/Wildfly
Proficiency in PostgreSQL (PL/pgSQL)
Working knowledge of big data applications
Understanding of MicroService Architecture
Knowledge of Build, Ship, Run Any App Anywhere– Docker
Apache Camel and Apache ActiveMQ
JSON, SOAP, REST services
Build Management tools (Maven, Ant, SVN, GitHub, Hudson)
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Experience of Small Business Digital Marketing / Online advertising (SEO/SEM) ideal.
2 Years experience with a Unix-based operating system.
Familiar with Agile methodologies and principles.
Experience with Behavior Driven Development (BDD).
Experience with SQL & NoSQL.
Experience with messaging architectures.
Career Site: http://careers.reachlocal.com
Blog: http://blog.reachlocal.com/
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reachlocal
Twitter: https://twitter.com/reachlocaljobs
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/reachlocal
Hear from our employees: http://blog.reachlocal.com/reachlocal-services-spotlight-meet-some-of-our-marketing-experts
Strong GPA
Experience at a high performing company
You have some experience building modern web applications, ideally with Ruby on Rails, React.js, or similar frameworks
You can demonstrate an understanding of data structures and algorithms
You should be familiar with both object oriented and functional programming paradigms
Demonstrated ability to come up to speed quickly on new technologies or approaches
You are curious about new frameworks and products, and are driven to investigate new technologies as you learn about them. We love side projects, and want to hear about yours!
Quality should be extremely important to you. At Wellist you will develop personal practices to help you achieve a high standard for quality in a Continuous Delivery setting.
You have the desire to independently deliver software, and the ability to take help from your team
You want to work on a small team that uses mature software practices
You want to use software to help people
You want to work in an environment where you can speak your mind. We value strong opinions, weakly held.
Refreshing: You bring an upbeat “can-do? attitude and creative new ideas to help make life easier for our users, customers, partners and colleagues
Adaptable: You adjust quickly to changing priorities and conditions. You cope effectively with complexity and change
Empathetic: You understand others' experiences and emotions. You act with kindness, compassion and respect
Empowering: You take accountability for helping others succeed. You can coach and develop others at all levels of the organization
Trustworthy: You speak truthfully and act with integrity. You make, and follow through on commitments, honoring deadlines.
Opportunities for growth, professional development, leadership and management experience
Medical and dental benefits
Competitive compensation and equity opportunity
An environment that encourages giving back to the community as a team and as an individual
A leadership team committed to your personal and professional growth
A generous PTO policy
A team that takes hard work as seriously as they take fun; fun including but not limited to bagel Wednesdays, office dogs, team off-sites, a fully-stocked fridge, and tater-tot themed holiday parties
BA/BS in Computer Science or related field is strongly desired, but not required.
A passion for web development
2-3 years of web development experience
Experience with more complex JavaScript and SQL
Ability to prioritize, multitask, manage work and report status in order to meet critical timelines&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt;
Design complex MySQL database architectures
System administration
Troubleshoot problems experienced by internal staff and public users
Ability to focus and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Work closely with the rest of our development team &lt;/ul&gt;Requirements:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Experience with PHP (or other) Object Oriented Programming
Experience with MVC & ORM concepts
Ability to follow a coding standard
Full understanding of source code optimization
Experience with MySQL ( or other ) Database design
Understanding of inner / outer joins & complex queries
Understanding of database query optimization
Experience with HTML / XHTML: hand-coding
Use of non-deprecated tags / attributes
Valid markup across IE, Firefox, Chrome, Safari
Experience with CSS
Relative & Absolute Positioning
Floats & Clearing
Experience with JavaScript
Experience creating OO JavaScript code
Experience with a JS framework, preferably jQuery and YUI
Advanced experience with AJAX / JSON
Understand source code testing methodologies
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Experience in the following are a plus:
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Flash / Action Scripting
Bug and Issue Tracking systems
Software version control systems
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
1-3 years of programming experience
At least entry level experience with .NET core framework
Experience working with RESTful Services and APIs
Familiarity with Git and continuous integration systems
Experience with one or more of the IaaS/PaaS providers is a must (Azure, AWS, etc.)
Understanding of software engineering best practices and object-oriented development
Excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills
Competitive salary (commission/bonus based on type of role), 4 weeks paid time off, great benefits (medical, dental, vision, FSA), 401K match
Gift matching, volunteer for vacation program, and endless community involvement opportunities
Named to Forbes' Fast Tech 25 and Fortune’s Change the World List; we are growing and offer incredible opportunity for advancement
Tremendous company culture and office perks like onsite gym, free snacks, café, and cutting-edge new headquarters to be completed in 2018
Check us out for yourself on The Muse!
Develop and analyze source code in common programming languages such as C, C#, C++, Java, and Python, with a focus on secure coding principles and practices.
Use static and dynamic analysis tools to evaluate software to find and remove vulnerabilities.
Build and configure various software build environments, and build custom tools to integrate and automate the use of software building and analysis tools.
Analyze data from multiple sources, generate defensible results, and represent them in reporting products and interactions with customers, sponsors, and the public.
Collaborate in a team environment with other team members with varying skills, experience and locations.
Recognize and deal appropriately with confidential and sensitive information such as source code and software weaknesses and vulnerabilities.
Develop and explain technical decisions and recommendations effectively with technical and non-technical audiences through verbal and written communications that lead to actionable and measurable improvements.
Work meticulously with careful attention to detail required to identify defects and weaknesses in large software systems, and to identify development process improvement opportunities.
Be self-motivated and capable of self-learning to maintain a working knowledge of the ever-changing software development landscape.
Contribute to program objectives and plan development.
Perform under some direction to establish and define work; use independent judgement when necessary to meet established work milestones and deadlines.
MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Science, Information Systems Management.
Developing and analyzing software for specific platforms, such as mobile platforms and embedded systems.
Using threat modeling tools to perform threat analysis on software systems.
A search engine that effectively and efficiently connects members to the care they need when they need it.
A tool which helps members better understand their benefits.
A suite of React components to align functionality and styles across all of Oscars web properties.
You care about what you do.
You care about what we do.
You are a self starter- you like being self led*
Youre willing and able to learn quickly, whether it be a new shiny technology or an arcane, ill-conceived data structure; our company may be new, but the health industry isnt!
You pride yourself on building beautiful interfaces that are a joy to use.
You like working closely with product and design teams.
You have at least 4 years of professional experience.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Demonstrates basic written/verbal skills
Has good grasp of grammar and sentence structure for technical writing
Listens/gives constructive feedback
Good group interaction skills
Ability to follow directions and project plans
Creativity/Problem Solving
Demonstrates ability to solve problems of limited scope and perform root cause analysis
Analyzes data using standard, straightforward methods
Grasps technical concepts and asks for clarification and direction when needed
Technical Expertise
Ability to implement designs for well-defined blocks
Understands and applies accepted engineering principles and practices
Assists with design or modification of a product, service, or process
Working knowledge of software languages (assembler, C, C++, etc.)
Working knowledge if software development tools (compilers, debuggers, emulators, etc.)
Working knowledge of software development in PC and/or Embedded Systems
Working knowledge of PC Operating Systems and/or Real Time Operating Systems
Bachelor's degree (preference given to Computer Science, Engineering, Gaming and STEM majors)
Exposure to one of the following Object Oriented Programming Languages:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt; Java
Javascript
C++
CSS
DotNet
C#
Solid foundational knowledge of SQL
A natural problem solver
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Ability to relocate to a Revature training center during the duration of your paid training period (10-12 weeks). The location will either be Reston, VA, New York City, or Tampa, Florida, which is determined by capacity and start date.
Average starting salary: $45,000- $57,000
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
10-12 weeks of enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
3+ years of experience writing production level code in Ruby, Python, or other modern object oriented programming languages
Proficient skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and demonstrated ability to code in React, Angular, or other modern JS frameworks and new ES6 concepts
Experience building highly scalable web and mobile applications in an agile environment
An adaptable and quick learner with a growth mentality who thrives in ambiguity
BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field
Hands-on experience in supply chain, logistics, e-commerce, payments, or monetization platforms a plus
Salesforce
Apex
MVC
C#, ASP.Net (Version 4.5) MVC, WCF, Web API, and Bootstrap
JavaScript (jQuery, HTML, Ajax)
Oracle and SQL Databases
9+ years of experience in software development and design of fairly complex applications
Minimum 2 years experience with Salesforce
Well-rounded experience in MS .NET technology stacks (especially those mentioned above)
Experience with Apex, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, SQL and/or RESTful interfaces
Experience developing Salesforce customer apps and objects, formula fields, workflows, customer views, and other content
Experience with Agile methodology, continuous integration, unit testing, and version control preferred
Bachelors in computer science or related field required
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft office based software applications
Ability to adjust to fast-paced work environment
Competitive base salary
Comprehensive health benefits package
401(k) plan with employer match
Flexible spending account
Company paid life, short-term and long-term disability insurance
Employee discounts on autos, travel, electronics, insurance, etc.
Tuition assistance
Professional training staff with an industry leading Learning Management System
Company culture that recognizes its employees
They collaborate with VT team to gather and define project requirements
They estimate work effort and time involved to complete tasks
They collaborate with customers and stakeholders to develop vehicle specific solutions
They write software that interfaces with and controls hardware
They collaborate with designers to develop interactions that enhance the end-user experience
They advocate for quality code and the avoidance of technical debt
They advocate for simple and smart solutions to problems
They are relentless in reaching committed goals and exceeding customers' expectations
Bachelor's degree or equivalent in software related field of study
Ability to interpret interface design descriptions and software requirements
Has a passion for user interaction and user experience
Ability to diagnose problems using sound debugging techniques
Experience interpreting unfamiliar code and providing support for shared projects
Ability to quickly learn new IDEs and programming languages
Experience with mobile development platforms such as iOS and Android
Can demonstrate programming knowledge and show working examples
High attention to detail
Has a strong sense of urgency and ownership
Puts teamwork ahead of personal gain
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum software development team
Experience with engine management and vehicle systems (J1939, CAN) is a plus
Knowledge of / experience with / passion for motorcycles, wakeboarding/surfing, boating, and/or off-roading will add to the fun
Experience building web applications, especially within a microservices architecture. Well be most interested in hearing about what you&#039;ve built
Experience solving complex technical challenges. SeatGeek engineers have had to create custom solutions to rather unique ticketing problems, including venue mapping, inventory tracking, and event matching. Well be excited to hear about challenging problems you&#039;ve faced and solved
Confidence with at least one language and comfort with several others
Passion for software craftsmanship and product. You have well-considered opinions about how software should work, and hold yourself and your code to a high standard
Commitment to your teammates. You enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different experiences and take pride in mentoring and learning from others
Languages: Python (our primary language), C#/.NET Core, Go and PHP
Datastores: MySQL, Redis, RabbitMQ and Elasticsearch
Server: Nginx, Tornado and flask for Python, all running on AWS
Monitoring: InfluxDB/Grafana, Graylog, DataDog & PagerDuty
Version control: Git
Clientside: we make heavy use of React/Redux on the frontend
Develop and scale services powering our platform clients (mobile/native/web) and 1st-party game, SOS
Write maintainable, secure, and well-tested code
Constructively review other engineers code and provide architectural feedback
Work in a professional software engineering environment (source control, dev/stage/prod release cycle, live monitoring)
Collaborate early and often with a cross-functional team on new product features
3+ years experience building and scaling customer-facing web applications or distributed systems
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, or equivalent demonstrated experience
Expertise in at least one of: Scala, Java, Go, or Python
Proficiency with or enthusiasm to learn Clojure
Passion for technology and learning
An effective communicator, who seeks and values a diversity of perspectives
Authorization to work in the U.S.
Start-up experience
Full-stack ability, particularly JavaScript
Proficiency with functional languages
Experience building JVM oriented systems
Hands-on experience with AWS
Practical experience with analytics systems (data pipelines, ETL and streaming)
A passion for playing or watching video games
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Basic Moves, Adds and changes for email/AD/other systems
Basic understanding of TCP/IP and communications protocols
Basic understanding of servers and networks
Commitment to Client service excellence
Excellent communication skills as this role is heavily focused on client interaction
Team orientation
Problem Solving skills
Awareness of company's Business Growth objectives
3+ years of help desk experience
Entry Level Certifications&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;(MCP or entry level equivalent)
Work towards advanced certifications
B.S. or M.S. in engineering, computer science or related field.
Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms and databases.
Demonstrated proficiency in C++, gdb debugging, and general software development skills
Interest in analog or digital design
Experience with GUI frameworks, such as Qt.
Exposure to SQL databases.
Scripting language skills in one of: Lisp/Skill, Python, Tcl.
Familiarity with Linux/Unix development.
Exposure to build and version-control systems.
Coursework in circuit analysis, signal processing, statistics.
Exposure to the Cadence Virtuoso environment or other electronic design platforms.
Ability to analyze and solve problems
Demonstrated expertise with Microsoft Office software including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Exposure to chemical processes and/or manufacturing
Strong desire to contribute to a team
Solid safety ethics
Possesses strong personal leadership skills and abilities, including effective influencing, communications, (verbal, written, listening), and facilitation skills.
Willingness and desire to cross train across the EHS organization
Chemical process/refinery or related experience
Demonstrated knowledge of PSM regulations (OSHA 1910 and RMP)
Strong experiences in process safety risk reviews, preferably HAZOP's.
Possesses strong personal leadership skills and abilities, including effective influencing, communications, (verbal, written, listening), and facilitation skills.
Demonstrated problem solving skills
Demonstrated expertise with Microsoft Office software including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Strong desire to contribute to a team
Solid safety ethics
Willingness and desire to cross train across the EHS organization
Bachelor's degree in Chemical or Mechanical Engineering or related field
0-4 years of related experience for entry level
5 - 10 years of chemical process related experience for senior level&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Experience leading process safety programs and risk reviews.
Demonstrated expertise with Leader PHA software
We are an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, minority status, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability or any characteristic protected by law. In order to be considered for this position candidates are required to submit an application for employment through our career site, be at least 18 years of age, willing to take a drug test and submit to a background investigation as part of the selection process.&lt;br/&gt;Candidates are required to have unrestricted authorization to work in the United States.&lt;br/&gt;If currently an employee of the Company, you must have current satisfactory work performance and in most cases, have been in your current role 18 months.&lt;br/&gt;Disclaimer: We are not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms/employment agencies for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee about this position. All resumes submitted by search firms/employment agencies to any employee of the Company via email, the Internet or in any other form and/or method without a valid written search firm agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of the Company; no fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by the Company as a result of the unsolicited referral or through other means.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
C/C++ computer applications development proficiency is required.
Experience writing software for UNIX / Linux platform is required.
Strong verbal & written communications skills are required.
The ability to work effectively in a team environment is required.
Strong collaboration skills are required.
Must have the ability to obtain a Secret security clearance.
Object-Oriented Design
Agile
Atlassian Toolset
U.S. Citizenship is required
The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Security Clearance
A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics. A related Degree may be considered.
Must have 5+ years of Software Development in Front-end, Back-end, or Full Stack development
Must have strong programming skills in C#, C++ and/or Java
Must be fluent in JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, JSON, XML, and/or .NET
Must have experience writing complex queries for Relational Databases, NoSQL Databases, and Object Relational Mappers (ORMs)
Exposure to multi-threaded programming
Exposure to network level programming
Exposure to distributed system architecture
Get excited about the idea of joining a small but fast-growing startup.
Enjoy rapid iteration. We ship code multiple times per day.
Understanding of software systems design tools and languages such as C and Python.
Understanding of electrical engineering fundamentals, VLSI principles, digital logic, and computer architecture.
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Understanding of design for software systems running on multiple platform types
Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures
Good written and verbal communication skills
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Experience with the following technologies:&lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;C++ programming language
Windows operating systems
Object-oriented software development
Excellent verbal / written communication and organizational skills
Team-oriented personality
Visual Studio integrated development environments
GIT and Subversion software version control systems
QT, Boost, XML
Agile software development
Multi-threaded software programming
Satellite ground systems or satellite command and control
Mission scheduling
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, or similar field
None with a Bachelor's Degree
Bachelor degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering or related software development field and eight years of engineering experience in product development environment including embedded systems design and integration
Project management and supervisory skills
Good written, verbal, organizational, and interpersonal skills
Valid driving privileges
Ability to occasionally travel with overnight stays (0-5%)
B.E/B.Tech/M.E/M.Tech/M.S/MCA/MSc in Comp Science or equivalent
Java with bonus points for Spring MVC or the Android platform
JavaScript with bonus points for AngularJS, EmberJS, NodeJS, or ReactJS
Python with bonus points for Django
PHP
C#.NET
Objective-C or Swift for iOS applications
C or C++
Ruby on Rails
Working knowledge of any or all of the following is a plus: C#, .NET, Matlab, Labview, database development, image processing, API utilization, DAQ devices, laboratory and measurement equipment, and electro-optical devices
Due to security requirements, this position will require U.S. citizenship and the ability to secure and maintain a SECRET clearance
Design and build robust, high-volume, low-latency applications for mission-critical systems
Write well-designed, testable, and efficient code
Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle
Prepare and produce releases of software components
Support continuous improvement by investigating and presenting alternative technologies for team review
3-5 years of hands-on experience with JVM languages such as Kotlin, Groovy, or Java
Experience building highly-scalable, concurrent, large-volume applications
Experience with microservice system architecture and design patterns
Ability to work collaboratively with the team to brainstorm solutions
Ability to multitask on several complex programming assignments while simultaneously balancing multiple deadlines and priorities
Knowledge of software development principles and design patterns
Experience with non-relational databases
Personal initiative, self-motivation, and results-oriented work ethic and ability to work independently with minimal supervision
Design and Implement data aggregation systems
Manage massive datasets and batch + realtime data pipelines
Work with data scientists, product and infrastructure engineers
BS in Computer Science
4+ years Data Engineering experience
Experience working with Database/storage systems like Postgres, Aerospike, Cassandra, Druid, Redis
Experience with Kafka and Flink
Proficient in languages such as Java, Scala, Python
Experience building distributed systems
Experience with Apache Spark, Mesos, Hadoop
Nice to have: exposure to containerized deployment
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related discipline.
2+ years professional software development experience
Experience with JVM-hosted development
Experience creating and consuming RESTful or SOAP APIs
Experience with service-oriented architectures
Experience developing single page web applications a strong plus
Experience with Clojure and/or Clojurescript a plus - You dont have to know Clojure, but you must be driven to learn it and become productive in a short amount of time
Experience writing Solar or Lending software a plus
Experience with Salesforce (Apex) a plus
Produce high quality, performant, testable code.
Review pull requests and provide constructive feedback.
Pair up with someone to work together on a feature.
Learn something new, and mentor junior engineers.
Deploy to production multiple times.
Help define technical strategy and architecture.
5+ years of professional web-application development experience.
Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang.
Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON.
Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools.
Strong database fundamentals and experience with MySql or Postgresql.
Worked with search engines such as ElasticSearch, Lucene, Solr.
Experience using async message queues.
Mastery of git and Github workflows.
Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent.
Experience with Elixir, Phoenix.
Advanced CS degree or equivalent.
a competitive salary
stock options for the fastest growing fashion business
401k with generous company match
Standing desk standard, with high-performance Mac or Windows laptop, external monitors and anything else you might need to do your work.
A beautiful workspace with breathtaking landscape views of the bay.
Comfortable, private Mother's room.
Well established knowledge of Java and web application development, SQL databases, mapping of data sources, data movement and COTS integration.
Experience with Business Objects a plus.
Typically requires four to six years of relevant and progressive information technology experience directly related to the design, development and engineering of software solutions.
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an information technology field (e.g., Computer/Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Electrical/Computer Engineering) or an equivalent combination of related education and/or work experience.
Familiarity with Industry software development methodologies, standards and architecture frameworks.
Demonstrated ability to adapt and learn new technologies.
Fundamental to moderate project management skills.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Scala
Python
Java
Go
CoffeeScript / TypeScript
Spark
PostgreSQL / PostGIS
Amazon Web Services
React, Flux and Redux
Flask
Be well versed in at least one compiled, one interpreted language and one web framework
Have extensive experience with distributed systems
Have coded a non-trivial system soup to nuts. CSS, persistence, deployment, et cetera
Understand Linux to a degree where you'd be comfortable admin’ing a fleet of boxes
Be able to design and implement a large, efficient codebase
Be able to ballpark the computational complexity of a snippet of code
Understand HTTP
Be able to decompose business requirements into a set of RESTful resources
Be opinionated about your tools. Love Angular? Great. Hate Angular? Great.
Have experience with the full stack. From the database to CSS.
Be able to both identify and implement a practical test suite
Have run a system on EC2
Know how to decompose an algorithm to map/combine/reduce phases
Have worked with language abstractions like CoffeeScript and less
Have experience coaxing functional requirements out of business requirements
Know right where to look when your friend has messed up their .htaccess
Have experience in the advertising industry
Write a practical test suite for your personal code and push it to a CI server
Like using tools like Git Flow to organize releases, features, and fixes
Advanced Knowledge of software engineering principles, methods, and techniques.
Knowledge of the associated hardware, software, and equipment.
Professional certification in one or more specific technologies may be required, depending on job assignment.
Researches and integrates design strategies, product specifications, development schedules, and user expectations into product capabilities.
Resolves complex hardware/software compatibility and interface design considerations.
Conducts investigations and tests of considerable complexity.
Researches emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution.
Provides input to staff involved in writing and updating technical documentation such as user manuals, system documentation, and training materials.
Troubleshoots complex problems and provides customer support for software operating systems and application issues.
Advises hardware engineers on machine characteristics that affect software systems, such as storage capacity, processing speed, and input/output
Prepares reports on analyses, findings, and project progress.
Provides guidance and work leadership to less-experienced software engineers.
May serve as a technical team or task leader.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned.
Participates in special projects as required
Additional duties as assigned. &lt;br/&gt;Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meeteligibility requirements for access to classified information; SECRET, TS, orTS/SCI clearance is required.
As far as results, you thrive when you are pushed to exceed your best work every day.
You deliver. Every Time. On Time.
When you are not writing software, you blog about cool stuff, publish tech books & articles, and lead conferences.
Your weeks are filled with engaging events and social activities, code contests, happy hours, and great coffee!
Crain's Best Places to Work
Chicago Tribune Top Workplaces
Five Time 101 Best & Brightest Companies to Work For
Six Time America's Fastest-Growing Private Companies - Inc. 5000
American Design Awards, Rewarding Innovative Design
Microsoft Gold Partner
Microsoft Most Valuable Professionals (MVP) in Lync Development and Mobile
Gold and Silver Certifications in Web Development, Mobility, Communications, Software Development, and Digital Marketing
5-7 yrs webapp development experience in: Java, C, C++, Python, C#
Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis of algorithms and software design
Proficient in Terraform and systems management tools (Ansible, Puppet, Chef, etc.)
Familiarity with building scalable web applications with focus on scalability
Fundamental understanding of distributed systems including the CAP Theorem and Microservices
BS or MS Degree in Computer Science or Engineering and
Hands-on coding experience in high level language in developing microservices
5+ years .NET development experience in creating transactional apps on AWS services
Self-disciplined, self-managed, self-motivated and strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive
Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot complex distributed systems handling high volume transactions
Passionate to learn, understand, and dissect new technology stack quickly on own
Strong fundamentals in HTTP including HTTP headers, Process and System API services
Experience with complete SDLC - from requirements to design, implementation, testing, release, and operations
Proficient in Linux, Git, AWS, services repository management, and CI/CD pipeline.
Familiarity with Application/microservices security and Web App Firewall
Passion for automation and monitoring instrumentation in the code
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well in a team
Good understanding of databases (MySQL experience a plus)
Self-motivated and team oriented
Desire to understand and maintain web applications end-to-end
Understanding of DNS, HTTP, SSL, and Version Control
At least ten (10) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution. The individual must be able to communicate directions and provide guidance to junior programmer/analysts, as required.
At least six (6) years' experience developing software in an enterprise environment. At least four (4) years of this experience must have been obtained in the last seven (7) years.
At least four (4) years developing software for Windows (2000, 2003, XP, Vista), UNIX or Linux (Red hat versions 3-5) OS and at least two (2) years of this experience must have been obtained within the last four (4) years.
Experienced with JavaScript, Flex, JSP, Hypertext Markup Language (HTML), CSS, SpringMVC or equivalents for UI developers and Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Servlets or equivalents for enterprise Java developers and developing at least one Object Oriented System (OOS).
Extensive experience in planning, accomplishing goals, complicated tasks and providing consultation on complex projects as a top-level contributor or specialist. Have a firm grasp of modern computer programming with a minimum of six (6) years' experience in programming and development of application software for complex systems, software testing and experience developing solutions integrating and extending COTS products.
Have demonstrated technical writing skills and have generated at least five (5) documents in support of a software development project and experience designing and developing applications that contain a user-facing view component.
Designing and developing applications that contain a user-facing view component.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science will be considered equivalent to four (4) years’ experience.
Clearance: Applicants must be U.S. Citizens possessing an active TS/SCI security clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph.
Experience with Web Development
Knowledge of:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;AngularJS/Jquery (other JS frameworks)
Java Web applications
RESTful Services
SQL
MongoDB
Knowledge of consuming and writing web services
Experience assisting users via email, phone, or desk-side
Familiar with:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Linux Bash
Git
Maven
Apache
Tomcat
JavaScript build frameworks (npm, nodejs, gulp, etc.)
508 compliance requirements
Team. At CollabraSpace, we truly believe in the team. We'll always do our best to find a position that makes you happy to go to work every day, support the charitable causes that are important to you, and encourage your involvement with the company by providing events for the whole family.
Security. We offer competitive salaries but more than that, we make sure the salary we are offering you can be supported by multiple programs. Why is that important? See bullet #1; if you're not happy we will do our best to find something that does make you happy.
Benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package means you pay very little for a full suite of coverage.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;100% company paid premiums for Health and Dental plans for employees and eligible dependents.
100% company paid Life & Disability plans.
401(k) & Roth plan with company contribution immediately vested.
Annual bonus plan, spot bonuses for a job well done, and referral bonuses.
Paid Time Off (PTO) allowing you to use your time off as you see fit.
Formal education and training benefits.
Transparency. You have heard it before but here you'll truly experience it. The management team “puts it all on the table? and always has an open door.
Training and Education. It's part of our collaborative environment. Besides the traditional off-site training which we pay for upfront, CollabraSpace offers in-house Technical Exchanges on a range of topics presented by our own technical staff or industry partners.
Honors. We earned the Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award for 4 years running and have been named to the Baltimore Sun's Top 100 Workplaces 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017; an award given based on survey responses from our team members. We are consistently ranked as one of the Top IT Firms in Baltimore by the Baltimore Business Journal.
Browsers and Javascript Engines
Asynchronous Programming
Algorithms and design
Machine learning
Client Cloud Architectures
Data Analytics
Distributed computing
Networking
Compiler Technologies
Asynchronous Programming
Language Skills (Javascript Java, Node.js, Typescript, HTML5, CSS etc)
Minimum 5+ years of hands-on high-performance development experience in Web technologies such as Web Apps, Browsers, JavaScript Engines, Web Servers, etc.
Experience identifying performance bottlenecks using profilers and coming up with innovations to improve the overall page performance.
Excellent development and debugging skills using Java, JavaScript and/or C/C++
Experience in programming in a browser-based environment is a plus
Prior experience being part of a team that delivered early versions of a product in a successful startup is a plus
Minimum Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science (or equivalent)
Actively engage in our culture of continuous learning, personal and professional development, and lead community service and social gathering events
Competitive Salary
Exceptional 401k – 3% company match with additional 1% if annual plan is achieved
Plenty of Paid Time Off - 4 weeks of vacation time plus 9 holidays
Paid sabbatical after 5 years of service for Principal levels and above
Paid parental leave
Company Ownership through Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day at Pariveda
Excellent Healthcare and Wellness
100% company paid premiums for you and your family (medical, dental, vision)
Life Insurance
Short Term and Long Term Disability
Communication skills, verbal & written
Yii Framework
General understanding of compliance requirements (HIPAA, PCI DSS, ISO, NIST, etc)
5+ years of relevant experience
B.S. or B.A. in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or comparable work experience) required
We have been working in Cloud computing since we were founded in 1999. Now we're working on exciting projects in PaaS, Big Data and Machine Learning to help employees at some of the world’s largest companies realize their potential.
We are a technology company that understands the importance of staying up-to-date and at the forefront of new and innovative technologies. Global Scale?! We have over 30 million users in 192 different countries! Who even knew there were 192 different countries?
We make software that empowers people, and we think that is pretty cool! So much so, that we live it every day. Cornerstone offers monthly development days, along with countless training opportunities. Top it off with real career growth possibilities, and you have yourself a company for the long term!
Check out our office. Need a code break? Go play in our arcade, watch a movie in our theater, or even get a free massage in our dedicated massage room! Or, grab some free food and rest on our outdoor patio (Ocean view of course ☺)
We also offer top of the line benefits! How does Company stock, unlimited vacation, a 401k match and top of the line healthcare sound?
Working in an Agile environment with Product Managers and QA Engineers to continually enhance Cornerstone's Analytics web applications by identifying opportunities for improvement, making recommendations and implementing optimizations
Developing .NET Microservices as a part of our platform-wide Microservice refactoring
Developing easy -to-use UI functionality using our React.js-based framework (and contribute to it)
We're moving to AWS, so you’ll be playing an integral part of this major architectural initiative
Mentoring Associate and Mid-Level Developers and promoting best software engineering practices across design, build, and test
Collaborating with a world class team of Engineers across the SDLC
BS/MS in Computer Science or related Engineering field or equivalent job experience
Extensive background developing complex web applications
Extensive experience developing Microservices, RESTful services, or other SOA development experience
Familiarity with the latest JavaScript frameworks/libraries, such as React and/or Angular
SQL querying/development experience with relational databases such as Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with non-relational DBs, such as MongoDB
Exposure to public cloud providers like Amazon Web Services, Azure, Google Cloud, etc. is a big plus but not required
Competitive pay, great benefits, and vacation time. We are an equal opportunity employer with competitive benefits including medical, dental, life insurance, disability, 401(k) with company match, among others.
Smart Casual Dress. No need to suit up, but we also have on-site dry cleaning services for those that prefer to dress-up!
Weekly catered meals. Breakfast every other Mondays, lunch Wednesdays, and afternoon appetizers on Fridays encourage collaboration across our teams.
Fully-stocked kitchens. We know it takes fuel to perform, so we provide a kitchen stocked with healthy cereals, fruit, snacks, and beverages to keep you at the top of your game.
Fitnessolver. If you need a boost, visit our on-site fitness facility to clear your head.
Massages. With a work hard/play hard atmosphere we all need a little stress relief at times. 
Charity and community involvement. Participate in a variety of ways to support those around us.
Learning & Development. Continue to learn about the industry through our online and instructor-led classes.
Recognition. Want some swag? Earn tons of it by helping out your co-workers through our employee recognition program.
Culture. Want a culture most dream of? Most companies talk about it, we live it. Come find out for yourself!
A cover letter that highlights &lt;strong&gt;why&lt;/strong&gt; you think youd be great for the gig, focusing on how your past work experience has prepared you for this kind of position or why you think you can rock the job even though you dont have past work experience thats perfectly aligned.
Your resume.
Candidates will be required to use the following:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Javascript / JQuery
HTML / CSS
PHP
Experience with Python
Experience with SQL
Experience with JQuery
Clearance: Applicants must be U.S. Citizens possessing an active TS/SCI security clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph.
Strong technical depth and ability to develop difficult code.
Ability to work with a team to solve hard problems by developing complex and quality code.
Interface with stakeholders and users to improve features and functions of supported products
A strong background with task analysis and user interface design.
Demonstrated ability to work iteratively with customers to gather and document user experience requirements.
A high degree of creativity, interaction design, and problem-solving abilities.
Demonstrated ability to design compelling and intuitive user interfaces.
Excellent presentation skills and attention to detail.
Additional Experience Desired: &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Python
PostgresSQL
Java
Linux
Subversion
JIRA/Confluence
Team. At CollabraSpace, we truly believe in the team. We'll always do our best to find a position that makes you happy to go to work every day, support the charitable causes that are important to you, and encourage your involvement with the company by providing events for the whole family.
Security. We offer competitive salaries but more than that, we make sure the salary we are offering you can be supported by multiple programs. Why is that important? See bullet #1; if you're not happy we will do our best to find something that does make you happy.
Benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package means you pay very little for a full suite of coverage.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;100% company paid premiums for Health and Dental plans for employees and eligible dependents.
100% company paid Life & Disability plans.
401(k) & Roth plan with company contribution immediately vested.
Annual bonus plan, spot bonuses for a job well done, and referral bonuses.
Paid Time Off (PTO) allowing you to use your time off as you see fit.
Formal education and training benefits.
Transparency. You have heard it before but here you'll truly experience it. The management team “puts it all on the table? and always has an open door.
Training and Education. It's part of our collaborative environment. Besides the traditional off-site training which we pay for upfront, CollabraSpace offers in-house Technical Exchanges on a range of topics presented by our own technical staff or industry partners.
Honors. We earned the Alliance for Workplace Excellence Award for 4 years running and have been named to the Baltimore Sun's Top 100 Workplaces 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017; an award given based on survey responses from our team members. We are consistently ranked as one of the Top IT Firms in Baltimore by the Baltimore Business Journal.
You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues.
You have a basic understanding of software development and programming in a language such as Java, Javascript, C, C++, Python or Assembler.
Must have basic knowledge in one of the following technology areas: Java, Javascript, C, C++, or Python
Willing to travel up to 10%
Bachelors or Masters Degree
A desire to work in a diverse, highly collaborative team environment
Experience with any of the tools we use is a plus
A chance to revolutionize the way schools use technology.
Competitive salary and significant equity in well-funded, high-growth company.
Catered lunch daily.
Generous vacation and holidays.
Top-notch healthcare, vision, & dental coverage.
Unlimited Amazon.com credits for learning.
An incredible team of fun, bright coworkers.
BS (or higher) in Computer Science, Electrical or&lt;br/&gt;Computer Engineering
Understanding of embedded systems and&lt;br/&gt;hardware/software&lt;br/&gt;interactions
Experience with objectoriented programming with a&lt;br/&gt;working knowledge of one or&lt;br/&gt;more common languages such as Python, C++, C, Java, Perl,&lt;br/&gt;etc.
Familiarity with good software development&lt;br/&gt;practices including approaches&lt;br/&gt;to design, implementation,&lt;br/&gt;testing, documentation, and&lt;br/&gt;debugging
Basic knowledge of low level processor architectures,&lt;br/&gt;operating system concepts,&lt;br/&gt;and hardware interfacing
Knowledge of basic signal processing concepts
Experience with implementing signal&lt;br/&gt;processing algorithms
Knowledge of communication, RADAR,&lt;br/&gt;and/or positioning/navigation&lt;br/&gt;systems
Familiarity with real time operating systems
Experience with POSIX interfaces
Familiarity with Linux/BSD user and kernel environments
Experience with low-level hardware/software system&lt;br/&gt;debugging
Background in commercial wired and wireless networking&lt;br/&gt;protocols
Strong development practices including design and&lt;br/&gt;code reviews, testing and&lt;br/&gt;regression, revision control,&lt;br/&gt;and user documentation
Strong oral and written communication skills
BS and 3 years of related experience
provided by Dice
Hybrid, completely autonomous teams, filled with experts in everything from design to data science, to business consulting, to content.
A community of amazing people who you will learn from and will learn from you.
Experimentation and continuous improvement of our skills and ways of working.
A dedication to constant evolution (and the occasional revolution).
A world without rigid hierarchy—big ideas can come from anyone and anywhere.
Endless fun!
Exceptional technological competence.
Ability to make things, and to make things happen.
Compassion for people—both those around you, and those who will use what we build.
Drive to work on complex problems at any part of the project, from type system nuances to organizational dynamics.
A vision and commitment to the future of work: being truly lean and agile and human-centered, and leaving yesterday's pointless rituals behind.
Readiness to be responsible for your work, development, and career path. Don't worry: we’ll have your back in whatever you want to achieve, but the end goal is yours to define.
6+ years of real-world experience in building digital products and services.
Authorization to work in the United States.
Bachelors of Science Degree in Civil, Environmental or Geotechnical Engineering required
0-2 years experience in Solid Waste or Civil Design preferred
Engineer-in-Training (EIT) preferred
Experience with using AutoCAD Civil 3D design software strongly preferred
Valid Drivers license with driving record in good standing required
Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.
Must have the ability to interact with guests, staff and colleagues and resolve problems and conflicts in a diplomatic and tactful manner.
Ability to read analyze and interpret engineering specifications, general business periodicals professional journals technical procedures or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, specifications and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of peers and managers.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to read technical and clinical literature and documents and extract important concepts.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be required to perform lifting tasks of up to 10 pounds for short durations. Duties of this job may involve standing and/or walking for extended periods of time. Duties also involve daily keyboard data entry. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and color vision.
Define and implement programmatic access (public and internal facing) to our products that serve some of the largest platforms in the world in a secure and privacy compliant way. You would love working on this if you like creating easy to use, but rich and flexible APIs at scale using the latest technology and tools.
Enhance our core toolkit to enable easy implementation of discoverable services and APIs. You would love working on this if building toolkits and libraries that other developers love to use is your thing.
Own a new product from inception to deploy. Define the domain, from the schema and infrastructure to the complete user interface.
Work on challenging projects such as building out a more scalable infrastructure for our apps and APIs on Kubernetes and AWS.
Have 5+ years of experience writing and deploying production code
Strong ability to abstract complex problems to their essential components and design and implement elegant solutions for them.
Experience with designing and implementing interfaces and infrastructure for large volume services and APIs
Proficient in one or more of Ruby, Python, Go and modern Javascript frameworks
You love mentoring junior engineers, and deploying best practices
Have experience working with Ruby on Rails and React.js
People. Work with talented, collaborative, and friendly people who love what they do.
Food. Enjoy catered meals, boundless snacks, and the occasional food truck.
Fun. We host events such as game nights, happy hours, camping trips, and sports leagues.
Stock. Every employee is a stakeholder in our future. Health and Saving. Receive the benefits of comprehensive health, dental, vision and disability insurance along with a 401k matching plan.
Location. Work in the heart of San Francisco and take advantage of our commuter benefits.
Computer Science or related Major
Past internship experience with strong Java skills is required
Experience in AWS technologies
Willingness to learn new technologies and be a team player
Experience with Git and Intellij are not required but good to have
We find joy and purpose in serving others.
Making a difference is what we do. We do the right thing for the right reasons – and we do it well, even when it's hard.
You operate from a perspective of truly caring about our employees, clients, and customers and creating value for them.
We are strong individually and together, we're powerful. 
We believe in each other, in honesty, and in having fun. You won't find egos or office walls here because we aren’t defined by titles – but by actions, behaviors and results.
We roll up our sleeves and get stuff done.
We're boldly and relentlessly reinventing healthcare.
We are a company changing the world, one person at a time.
Super high expectations? Bring it on? Our curiosity drives us.
You understand our desire to be the best place to work and that trust is the foundation of that.
Knowledge and experience with hydrology, hydraulics and reservoir operations for flood management within California's Central Valley. Ability to assist in field work for levee and dam safety review;
Strong technical analysis skills, including ability to develop hydraulic and hydrologic models, perform dam safety studies, and develop and interpret hydrologic data;
Familiarity with hydrologic and hydraulic modeling software including USGS – PRMS, HEC- HMS, HEC-ResSim, HEC-RAS or custom applications;
Computer programming expertise or experience developing computer scripts and programs is a plus;
Excellent communication skills; clear and effective technical writing and presentation development; ability to effectively interact with all levels of staff, project teams, and clients; ability to successfully formulate and execute technical assignments with minimal oversight and direction; desire to acquire and apply new skills and techniques with application to project assignments.
0-2 years of experience (advanced degree or work) demonstrating skills mentioned above
B.S in Civil Engineering or water resources related field is required
M.S. in Civil engineering or water resource related field is desirable
Registered California Civil Professional Engineer or ability to obtain
Market-Competitive Compensation
Comprehensive Benefits Program, including Medical, Dental, Vision and More
Continuing Education Assistance and Tuition Reimbursement
Professional Development and Opportunities for Advancement
Paid Holidays and Paid Time Off
Rewards and Recognition
GEI-Funded Profit Sharing and 401(k)
And More…
We believe in collaborationthe teams effectiveness comes before the individual
Were tight-knit: engineers, designers, PMs, and QA all work together every single day to make excellent software
We love innovation, and continuously look for the best ways to tackle a problem
Be responsible for the entire implementation process from design to release for key features
Evaluate new technologies and device platforms and provide feasibility assessments and accurate estimates for project implementations
Already great at work on both effectively crafting an optimal user experience and architecting scalable and reliable systems
You will develop unit tests and code documentation
Use your expertise to define an innovative roadmap for our Android product
Opportunity to contribute to open source projects
You have at least 8 years of real-world experience developing software, including at least 3 years innovating on Android
You have expert level Java experience, Kotlin experience, understanding of RxJava, and Android application development
Apply proven computer science and object oriented design principles to creating an elegant mobile user experience
Enjoy improving an existing architecture
Ability to debug complex issues using experience with concurrent programming and working in low memory situations
Experience optimizing storage infrastructures including SQL databases and memory mapped object stores
Familiarity with test-driven development and rapid release cycles
Deep understanding of UI design principles
You are passionate about learning new technologies, tools, and platforms
Experience with Javascript on mobile devices preferred
You have a BS in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering is preferred; Computer Engineering and Software Engineering are applicable to some positions
Understanding of transistor-level circuit design
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Strong knowledge of electrical/computer/software engineering fundamentals
Strong analytical skills
Knowledge of analog mixed-signal circuit design
Digital and software design skills
Understanding of circuit simulation tools and techniques and/or software development tools and techniques
Clear and concise communication skills
Hands-on experience with lab equipment (i.e., oscilloscope, electronic-load, DAQ)
Experience debugging circuits
Ability to self-manage and meet deadlines
Can work both independently and with a cross-functional team
Five to Seven years' experience.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field, with a minimum of 3-5 years of experience in Information Technology OR In lieu of the Bachelor&#039;s degree, a minimum of 3-5 years of experience in Information
Minimum 3 years of experience in full stack development using JEE technologies
Experience developing n-tier web applications including web services
Application design experience using Design Patterns, UML, component architecture, unit/functional testing, and/ or database design/tuning
Experience in designing and developing applications using micro-services architecture and cloud based technologies
Experience in Agile application development methodology
Strong communication skills with technical and non-technical peers  
Ability to achieve results in a cross-functional matrix organization involving multiple technologies, personnel and processes
You must be 18 years or older
You must have a high school diploma or equivalent
You must be willing to take a drug test, submit to a background investigation and submit fingerprints as part of the selection process
You must be able to satisfy the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
Effective 1-1-18, new hires (Level 4-7) must have 9 months of continuous service with the company before they are eligible to post on other roles. Once this new hire time in position requirement is met, the associate will have a minimum 6 months' time in position before they can post for future non-exempt roles. Employees, level 8 or greater, must have at least 24 months’ time in position before they can post. All internal employees must have at least a “consistently meets expectations? performance rating and have approval from your manager to post (or the approval of your manager and HR if you don’t meet the time in position or performance requirement).
Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
If you need special accommodations, please call our Career Support Line so that we can discuss your specific situation. We can be reached at 1-866-301-5627. Representatives are available from 8am – 5pm Monday to Friday, Central Standard Time.
Hold a TS/SCI Clearance with a Full Scope Polygraph
Have a minimum of two years experience or a Bachelor&#039;s Degree for entry level
Looking for JR, Mid, and Experienced Engineers
Analyze user requirements and create, assimilate and convey technical specifications in a concise and effective manner
Code & deliver the work product, with a first time right approach
Act as a Subject Matter Expert in one or more data integration/ web services workflows, having the ability to provide technical guidance to clients integrating to a SaaS solution, and acting as a technical expert to mentor/ assist peer engineers
Serve as a point-of-escalation for engineer community; anticipate and remove technical roadblocks, as needed
Assist the Project Manager, Consulting & Implementation teams to summarize client requests and suggest enhancements to existing applications and/or processes
Quickly determine root cause of technical issue and create plan to attack
Be responsible for the quality of engineering team: Ability to perform system/ unit tests of all aspects of code changes to ensure meeting the system and client requirements
Interact with US & India based development teams, QA teams and Release teams
Work closely with Project Manager/ Integration Consultant. Communicate technical issues, project details & individual status
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science or relevant experience
software development experience using C#, ASP.Net, JavaScript, Web services, HTML, XML and ability to write complex T-SQL Code in SQL Server 2008/ 2012
Ability to show you are hands on in designing, coding, debugging, technical problem solving, prototyping, performance tuning, and unit testing
A technical background, with experience identifying solutions that integrate Enterprise applications, SaaS or other complex services. Key skills and experiences would include working with Microsoft .NET, XML, WCF, REST. Experience developing and consuming web services. SSO/SAML implementation experience preferred.
SQL Server Coding experience including, but not limiting to:
T-SQL Queries with all types of Joins in Procedures, Triggers, Cursors
Using Common Table Expression (CTE), Aggregate functions, Cross Tab queries, Pivot & Un-Pivot queries
Writing Table Valued Functions& Scalar Functions
Creating SSIS Package
SQL Error handling
Query Performance Tuning
Experience with EAI/ 3rd party integrations. Experience with software integration as a consultant preferred with target platforms or technologies: Microsoft, PeopleSoft, SAP, Oracle, Siebel, or Salesforce.com
Understanding of the project life cycle process to effectively manage through the complexities of the business solution
Experience in full lifecycle software development process and methods
Communication skills and problem solving/ analytical skills
Amazon Web Services (AWS) for all of our servers
Linux servers, PostgreSQL databases, ElasticSearch Cluster, Cassandra Cluster
Python application code
Chef for our configuration management
NewRelic, Papertrail, and some homegrown monitoring tools
Buildbot for continuous integration and deployments
Git for source control
Develop new tooling (AWS, Python, Chef) to support growth in our application environments and introduce new technologies (e.g. ElasticSearch)
Own projects that enhance our infrastructure (e.g. Implement new data pipeline streams; evaluate, develop and deploy enhanced job monitoring; write custom code to support our unique infrastructure needs)
Support weekly production deployments and upgrades to core infrastructure (Postgres upgrades, Boto upgrades, Python upgrades)
Support our marketing site infrastructure (AWS, Drupal, MySQL, CodeDeploy)
Participate in the planning around Infrastructure technology backlog
Support troubleshooting development and production issues, be part of on-call rotation
BS/MS in Computer Science (or related field and considerable experience developing and managing web applications)
4+ years of experience writing code professionally (preferably SaaS)
Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or similar cloud environment
Experience with site and system monitoring/alerting
Experience developing tools to support developers including creating environments, deploying code and running automated tests
Experience with Linux
Aptitude and desire to learn new technologies
Familiarity and experience with the Agile methodology is a plus
Passion for infrastructure as code, continuous deployments, proactive monitoring, cloud computing, site reliability and automation
Culture fit is important. We are a venture backed, 250+ person company that wants to dominate our market. We work hard, and we want to be successful and make our clients successful.
Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k, IRA)
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&amp;D)
Unlimited PTO
Family Leave (Maternity, Paternity)
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Training & Development
Stock Option Plan
Standing desks, cold brew on tap, and an A+ office setup
In a few short years WordStream has become an industry leader, serving thousands of clients worldwide – and we are just getting started!
Our award-winning software helps clients experience a phenomenal 65% increase sales and 9% drop in costs associated with those sales.
Pay-Per-Click (PPC) Search Marketing/ Online Advertising is a $70 Billion+ industry and growing.
Over 3 million businesses use Google PPC platform to advertise every day - and most of them need our help!
Develop new products, features, and applications for imaging informatics in cancer therapy.
Develop Industrial Internet type solutions on a variety of technologies and Platforms.
Develop image processing algorithms and applications.
Build systems and tools to test performance and qualify 3rd party components.
Write server- and client-side code for web-based applications.
Experienced in building dynamic applications and services using JavaScript, AngularJS, and Node.js.
Seeking a challenging opportunity where your contributions will make a difference.
Interested in building new user-facing features such as enhanced analytics (stochastic modeling, goal seek), charts and data visualization, and user collaboration in a responsive design.
A motivated self-starter who can deliver individually or as part of a team.
A person who thinks like an owner.
Experience in driving development projects as a tech lead
4+ years of solid experience with Node.js or developing backend services or APIs using other technologies.
Solid experience with JavaScript and one of the major JavaScript MVC frameworks (Angular, Ember, React, Backbone).
Proficient at creating self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components.
Writing automated tests to verify expected behavior.
Strong grasp of software engineering principles and practices.
Prior experience with or understanding of WebSockets or REST (or designing APIs) highly desirable.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent.
Experience with NoSQL database technologies is a plus.
Help build a world class team and cultivate innovation.
Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.
Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.
Experience with web development in Ruby on Rails, (Ruby, Javascript, Javascript/AJAX libraries expertise implicit)
Strong knowledge of internet protocols and applications
Commitment to continuously improve software craftsmanship
Experience and respect for Agile/Lean development and best practices
Excellent written, verbal, and presentation communication skill with attention to detail
Ability to work effectively both individually and as a part of a team
Ability to pair code using remote pairing tools and ability to prepare code for review and to review completed code
Understanding of customer needs and business strategy
Degree in Computer Science or related or comparable business experience
Experience in all phases of the web application development cycle and working with a mix of web technologies. Ruby on Rails experience optimal, Comparable open source web framework experience acceptable
Broad programming experience with depth in several languages. Ruby, Javascript, optimal. Additional language experience preferred
Mobile development experience, mobile web, iOS, Android, etc., desirable
SQL competence
DSCM experience such as git
5+ years of software development experience on large scale, high-volume sites
Proficient with open source Java technologies like Spring, Hibernate, and Struts, and Solr
Proficient working with relational databases as well as NoSQL technologies like Redis and Riak
Experience building service-oriented solutions and RESTful microservices
Strong understanding of Java multithreading, concurrency and memory management
Familiarity with front-end technologies such as JSP, JSTL, HTML, CSS and Javascript.
Experience with writing both unit tests and integration tests
Work with purpose – join us in creating transparency for job seekers everywhere
Glassdoor gives back! Glassdoor is a Pledge 1% member; all employees receive 3 paid volunteer days per year
100% company paid medical/dental/vision/life coverage; 80% dependent coverage
Equity in a late stage startup backed by top-tier VCs
Sunny & peaceful Mill Valley offices located right on the water
Walking, running and biking trails steps away from the office
Onsite gym and fitness classes
Free catered lunch; new menu daily
Paid holidays and flexible paid time off
Your choice between Mac or PC
Dog-friendly office (with dog-free zones if you are so inclined)
Free parking
Comfortable collaborating with stakeholders to understand requirements
Willingness to consistently make culture choices that positively impact all of engineering
Bachelors degree in Computer Science and/or equivalent experience
Competitive salary
Generous stock option plan
Medical, dental and vision insurance
A company with a huge vision, a dynamic work environment, and a team of smart, ambitious and fun to work-with colleagues!
Daily catered lunches
All the coffee you can imagine
Snack-filled kitchen
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Extend our infrastructure automation for multiple AWS regions
Enhance internal tools and services for higher availability and multi-region support
Build service discovery tooling to support of microservices architecture
Contribute to our deployment pipeline to enable us to build blue/green deployment, rolling multiregion upgrades, and staged releases
Work with all layers of our application from DNS to SQL queries to enhance availability, performance, and cost efficiency
Mentor and develop other engineerings in operations best practices
A strong operational background familiar with systems automation using software like Puppet, Chef or Ansible
Familiarity with AWS, especially infrastructure management products such as CloudFormation, Terraform, Packer, and Spinnaker
Experience with software packaging and deployment.
Experience with administration of software through data collection and forensics. We strive to be proactive managing our applications and understand the changes we introduce.
Regard for cost management in cloud services, it's the core of our business and is essential in a modern SAAS startup
Capable of participating in technical conversations and decisions as well as documenting the results
A passion for continuous education in operations best practices. You should love the rate of innovation in public cloud and embrace it as a fundamental part of our business.
Deep experience with AWS Services, especially, EC2, ELB/ALB, ECS, Lambda, S3, CloudFront, RDS, CloudFormation, IAM, WAF, Kinesis, and DynamoDB
Experience running GCP or Azure in production
Network Administration with a focus on DNS Availability, VPC Management, and VPN Administration
Experience in building continuous integration environments for java services, Particularly building and maintaining Jenkins and build tool chains
A competitive full-time salary and stock options - we want you to be excited to be a part of a startup, not starve
Fully paid health care, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Paid holidays/open vacation policy, 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Flexible work schedule
Commuter Benefits
A pretty awesome wellness benefit
On-site Yoga classes
Really good food and coffee (its Portland, right?)
Bottomless kombucha
Located in the Pearl District (click the link, its worth it)
Knowledge of developing complex, high-performance enterprise software
Knowledge of Java development
Knowledge with other contemporary Java technologies (e.g. JBoss, jBPM, Quartz, etc.)
Knowldge of relational databases (e.g. SQL Server, Oracle)
Experience with ATG a plus
Impeccable software engineering habits (e.g. unit and regression testing, code reviews, etc.)
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
A positive outlook, a passion for software engineering and the ability to work as part of a team.
A sense of urgency and the ability to hit the ground running
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Develop,maintain, and enhance diverse software systems based upon requirements.
Reviews and tests software for adherence to the requirements and documents test results.
Provide input to the software components of the system design.
Work individually as well as part of a team.
Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field. 4 years of software development experience may be substituted for degree.
Analyze user requirements to derive software design and performance requirements
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Debug existing software and correct defects
Provide recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards
Strong written and verbal communication skills; able to speak to business owners, end users, and engineers alike
Ability to work individually and in a team environment
Self-motivated and able to handle responsibilities without consistent oversight
Build data transformation features driven by complex, iterative customer defined rule sets
Build a flexible, short term execution environment for data transform functions
Design and implement automation and monitoring tools to ensure auditability and reliability in the data transformation pipeline
Develop customer facing API's for all features you ship
Strong fundamentals writing Java systems that support mission critical systems relied upon by customers 24 hours a day
Excellent understanding of metrics, monitoring and alerting as they relate to the code you create and the creation of reliable systems
Experience working with distributed databases and familiarity tuning and optimizing them
Commitment to software excellence in all things you produce
Ability to balance best practices in distributed systems design and computer science with fast paced delivery schedules
Experience with Hadoop Ecosystem, particularly HDFS
Understanding of data modeling across numerous types of storage engines including column-oriented stores, DynamoDB and RDBMS
Experience running production systems on Amazon Web Services, particularly EC2
A competitive full-time salary and stock options - we want you to be excited to be a part of a startup, not starve
Fully paid health care, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Paid holidays/open vacation policy, 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Flexible work schedule
Commuter Benefits
A pretty awesome wellness benefit
On-site Yoga classes
Really good food and coffee (its Portland, right?)
Bottomless kombucha
Located in the Pearl District (click the link, its worth it)
Improve and expand your own skills and those of the team, challenge biases, and pursue the best solutions with us.
Work with us to design, define, and document the functionality of the product.
Familiarity with Haskell, Scala, Purescript, ML family, F#, or similar &#034;FP focused&#034; language and a desire to pursue that direction.
Experience producing real software in a team environment.
Thoroughness in code and documentation.
Self-motivation balanced with a community spirit.
Openness to giving and receiving feedback.
Attention to detail.
Experience with Haskell.
A strong knowledge of FP/CT design approaches and structures: Functor, Applicative Functor, Monad, Monoid, Semigroup, etc.
Experience using strong static type systems to model domain problems.
Experience with software operations - designing, deploying, and/or maintaining production systems.
Experience with iOS or Android app development.
Ability to implement and test desktop, server, and web software.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or equivalent education and/or experience
Some exposure to software engineering tools, including version control, debuggers, emulators
Some exposure to SQL and databases required; proficiency with databases and NoSQL experience a plus
Ability to absorb complex requirements, propose solutions, and evaluate other solutions
Ability to work and discuss at multiple levels of abstraction
Ability to communicate and collaborate as part of a team
Ability to balance design and technical constraints
Willingness to explain technical decisions and work in an environment of continuous feedback
Experience with development in virtual machine or container environments a plus; devops experience a plus
Experience with Java EE highly desirable
Pass and maintain e-RAILSAFE pre-employment background check and safety certification (as mandated by Herzog's Railroad customers). Employees/applicants can be denied access to the railroad property if they have: &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;A felony conviction within the last 7 years.
An active warrant or open court case.
A fraud alert and/or your release from incarceration within the last 5 years and/or a history of misdemeanors or crimes of concern.
Maintain valid driver's license
Pass a motor vehicle report review and be able to meet Herzog's driving policy (no major driving violations in the previous 3 years)
Pass pre-employment physical, medical evaluation, and drug screen
Herzog is nationally recognized for its excellent corporate safety record which results from all employees at all levels, in all positions adhering to established policies and procedures. Reporting any and all safety violations to your immediate supervisor is a prerequisite for continued employment. Safety diligence by all results in a safe work environment for all.
Herzog offers a robust benefits package including medical and dental coverage. The plans are specific to projects and locations.
3+ years experience with .NET, ASP.NET, C#
BS in Computer Science or a related field
Experience building high-quality, high-performance n-tier .NET web applications with IIS, SQL Server, Transact SQL, NoSQL
Strong knowledge of SOA, object-oriented programming, design patterns, multi-threaded application development
Strong programming experience using C#, object-oriented JavaScript within a JavaScript framework(s)
Strong knowledge in WCF and Web Services
Working knowledge of HTTP, JSON, AJAX, and RESTful API, multi-tenancy, horizontal scale, microservices, containers
Experience with Agile development methodologies, including test automation and TDD, continuous integration
Cloud experience with GCP, Azure or AWS is preferred, but not required
Strong DevOps and CI/CD skills preferred but not required
Ability to handle a dynamic work environment and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Desire to grow skills and take on more complex/critical tasks
A career desire to consult with clients or lead technical teams is a plus
Some travel may be required. Travel may include client visits or travel between Kingland locations depending on team assignment. Travel is expected to be between 0 - 25%
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering is required
Included in the Kingland Career Development Program a guided program consisting of targeted learning opportunities and mentorship to assist you in career growth, personal development and opportunity for promotion and advancement at Kingland Systems.
Generous vacation and paid holidays
401(k) company match
8 hours of paid volunteer time annually
Wellness reimbursement for gym memberships, equipment, and apparel
Company match of up to $1,000 annually for charitable donations
Free on-site covered parking in Ames location
Access to company dining facility in Clear Lake location
Basic knowledge of HTTP
Ability to multitask and prioritize multiple incoming requests
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
UX/UI Design (please provide links to your work)
Amazon Web Services, or other cloud providers
DropWizard, Symphony2, or Ruby on Rails
Git and GitHub
JIRA
Continuous Integration & Deployment
Integration with Social Network APIs
Contribution to Open Source projects
Design, develop, test, deploy, and maintain distributed systems written in Java, as well as other languages, in a LINUX environment.
Participation with team in collaborative design and development process.
Mid-to-Senior backend development experience (5+ years).
Experience with Java and one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Scala, Python, or Go.
Interest and ability to learn new languages and technologies as needed.
Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.
Kafka consumers and producers
AWS cloud deployment and development
Docker and Kubernetes
Relational and NoSQL Databases
Large Volume Processing (MapReduce, Spark, etc)
 No prior experience necessary for this entry-level position
 BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related software engineering experience
 Knowledge of multiple object oriented programming languages, including C#, VB.Net, or Java
 Ability to work in a team setting and contribute unique ideas to the group
 Good communication and interpersonal skills
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science
Minimum 7 years of software development experience with a minimum of 2 years mobile application development experience
Experience reviewing and updating requirements and user stories
Experience writing technical documentation
Understanding of agile software development
Strong problem solving and analysis skills.
Expert level knowledge: Object Oriented Programming
Expert understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals.
Expert Android platform mobile application development skills with a proven record of creating commercial quality software. Preference for Java and Android development skills.
Upon offer of employment, the individual will be subject to a background check and a drug screen.
You can own challenging problems from inception to production.
You write correct, robust, performant, scalable and readable code.
You approach problems with a logical mindset and deliver systematic solutions.
You articulate complexity in linear, digestible, audience-appropriate language.
2+ years post graduate experience working in small, high growth dev teams.
A mature interest in finance coupled with an understanding of portfolio theory and market dynamics.
Experience writing statements of work and estimating project scope
Effective interpersonal, written and oral communication skills, as well as the ability to present data and information to large audiences.
Proficient use of personal computers using the Microsoft Office suite of products
Ability to work effectively in a fast paced, rapidly changing, short turn-around environment
Must be a U.S. citizen and qualify for a U.S. Government security clearance&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;This position requires an individual who can multi-task, with effective time-management and communication skills.
This position requires excellent communication, writing, and presentation skills.
Experience with system modeling and simulation.Experience with The Mathworks toolset Matlab/Simulink, Embedded Coder, and Verification/Validation.
Groovy, Grails, React, Mongo, Git, Docker, Dev Ops experience
401k with company contribution
Competitive benefits package
PTO
Mobile phone benefits
Contemporary, open workspace conveniently located in the North Loop (walking distance from Target Field)
Paid parking
Free beverages and great coffee
Fun work environment with innovators, team builders and people who like to win
Acquire a complete and thorough understanding of the Nautilus Business Systems.
Coordinate with business owners and analysts to develop a thorough understanding of the detailed requirements for new or existing processes.
Design, code and unit test changes per specifications.
Provide alternate solutions pertinent to business needs.
Build and deploy changes to different environments in sprint/release cycles.
Post-deployment, support the changes in the production environment.
Degree in Computer Science.
2+ years of software development experience in a cloud-centric environment.
2+ years of experience in customizing NetSuite using SuiteScript 1.0/2.0
2+ years of integration experience using Web Services, Restlets
Ability to analyze requirements and design scalable, robust solutions.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to deal effectively with a rapidly changing environment.
Development experience in Microsoft .NET and C#
Working knowledge of RDBMS, preferably SQL Server 2012+
Conversant with various SDLC methodologies
Familiarity with version control system, preferably GitHub
Familiarity with AWS
A can-do attitude
Good business acumen
2+ years of engineering experience
Deep Ruby and Ruby on Rails understanding
HTML5, CSS, Javascript, SQL
B.S./B.A. or equivalent experience
Git or similar distributed version control system
MySQL
AWS
Go
React
Design, develop, and implement web-based enterprise applications
Own the process of integrating systems using RESTful web services
Take on an important role in the continuous integration and deployment initiatives
Serve as a proponent for machine learning in upcoming applications and products
Collaborate with various technical teams and stakeholders in this Agile environment to ensure the delivery of quality solutions
Bachelors of Science in Computer Science or related field
Previous Java and Python development experience
Strong understanding of ETL tools with the ability to process large data feeds
Experience with Microservices architecture
BS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or related area
2+ years of Experience Web Services and APIs.
2+ years experience with JavaScript and NodeJS development
Strong knowledge of developing APIs and Web Services for web applications
Knowledge of data processing pipeline development
Experience with Object Oriented design and development
Experience with Web protocols HTTP, HTTPS, REST API
Experience with Git
Must be self-starters with excellent attention to detail
Strong analytical, design, problem solving, and debugging skills
Good knowledge of software design patterns and software engineering best practices
Experience with SCRUM or other Agile software development practices
1+ years of experience in programming with open source technologies including Google Maps, Redis, RabbitMQ, and Elastic Search. Docker is a definite plus
Experience administering Git repositories, issue tracking software like JIRA is a plus
Experience with technologies like SPARK and Hadoop are a plus
Pursuing BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science or related field
Previous programming experience with object oriented programming languages (PHP, Java, C++, Python etc.)
Deep understanding of Linux and the command line tools
Knowledge of relational databases, specifically MySQL
A passion for creatively solving problems
Sr. Software Engineer – at least 6 years related work experience
Scrum or Agile experience
Required skills: ASP.NET, C# or VB, Web Services, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, Git, JavaScript, JavaScript frameworks (jQuery, AngularJS or similar)
Desired skills: MVC, Agile, DevOps, QA, Unit Testing, SEO, .NET Core, AWS, Continuous Integration tools
Effective communicator, positive attitude, dedicated, team player
Well defined career paths
Qualify for Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits on Day 1
Health Savings Account (HSA) or Flexible Spending (FSA)
Company paid Life, AD&D, and Short &amp; Long Term Disability
401K with company match after 90 days of service
Holiday pay and paid time off
Extensive Wellness Program and various Employee Discount Programs
On-site Fitness Center
Personal Health Advocate
Free soda, coffee, and drinks all day every day and much, much more!
This role will work closely with research scientists and hardware engineers to own development of our prototype software system, to include communication with our LIDAR system and processing on the resulting data stream
Responsible for the architecture, profiling, and deployment of complex software processing pipeline
5+ years of experience with software development in production
3+ years of experience in working with C, C++, CUDA
Ability to build high performance embedded systems
Interfacing with networking communication protocols
High standards for code quality, maintainability, and performance
BS/MS or higher in Computer Science or Advanced degree in related field
B.S. in Computer Science or related degree.
Experience in .NET Application Development (C# preferred)
Experience with Object Oriented and Test Driven Development
Experience with GIT revision control and Microsoft Team Services
Knowledge of SQL, SQL Server, and Entity Framework
Knowledge of MVC and MVVM design patterns
Knowledge ASP.NET, jQuery, REST APIs, Web Services
1-3 years overall relevant experience
Ability to influence with or without authority;
Self-starter;
Ability to efficiently collaborate with cross-functional teams;
Master or Bachelor's in Computer Science or related field
Competitive compensation and Benefits
Collaborative and innovative environment – make an impact on worldwide security while working on the hottest technology.
We work hard…and we PLAY hard!
Familiarity with Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity planning
Passion for process design and improvement
Experience with Enterprise processes and documentation
Experience with Level 3 Application Support
Fun and Energetic Work Environment
Brand New State-of-the-Art Building
Competitive Compensation Plans
Career Growth Opportunities
Health Insurance Program after 90 Days
401K Plan with 3% Contribution after 1 Year
14 Days Paid Vacation to Start
6 Paid Holidays Per Year
Free Coffee
Large Work Stations
Green Campus Feel
Indoor Walking Track
East End Location
Conveniently Located next to Interstate System
Proven Industry Leader with Outstanding Reputation
HTML
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Indesign
Adobe Illustrator
CSS
CMS
Bootstrap Framework
Responsive Website Technology
Java Script
Mustache
Graphic Design
J Query
Customer Service
Domain Names
Bachelor degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent experience in related systems programming
0-2 years of experience using “C? programming and Real-time Operating Systems
0-4 years systems programming experience
Project leadership experience preferred
Good written, verbal, analytical, and interpersonal skills
Ability to occasionally travel with overnight stays
Valid drivers license and good driving record
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Worked in Agile/Scrum based teams
REST API design, development and usage
Knowledge of Less or SCSS
React or additional JS frameworks
JavaScript build systems (Grunt, Webpack, etc.)
Package management (NPM, Bower, Nuget etc.)
CI/CD environments (Jenkins, Bamboo or CircleCI)
Git and collaboration tools such as BitBucket or GitHub
 Java development or .Net, C++
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Worked in Agile/Scrum based teams
Knowledge of Less or SCSS
JavaScript build systems (Grunt, Webpack, etc.)
Package management (NPM, Bower, Nuget etc.)
REST API design, development and usage
CI/CD environments (Jenkins, Bamboo or CircleCI)
Git and collaboration tools such as BitBucket or GitHub
.NET, C++, or Java development
Bachelors degree in Computer Science
2 years of professional software engineering experience
Experience building software in well known GUI architectures like MVC
Experience working in a collaborative environment
Meticulous in testing and documenting code
Knowledge of scripting languages like Python and functional programming principles is a plus
Concrete understanding of software development best practices
Experience developing highly functional user interfaces to data products
Willingness to experiment and learn new tools and technologies like the 1010data macro language and Logi Analytics
Experience with API development is a plus
Participate in analyzing, designing, writing and testing code
Apply your creativity and problem solving skills to help satisfy customers and build yourself a successful career
Work on high level projects that are viewed as strategically important to our future success (ask us about the technology stack)
Tyler offers free coffee and soft drinks (proper hydration is key!).
Game room, on premise fitness center, on premise café that serves breakfast and lunch.
Walking trails and running groups (we don't have beanbag chairs like Google, but it’s a great environment).
3 weeks' vacation to start. (Being happy and well rested is actually important).
Dry-cleaning and laundry drop off twice per week in Falmouth and Yarmouth locations. (who likes to do laundry?)
Prefer some initial experience in performing development work to the assigned budgets and project schedule in an integrated product team environment.
Applicant must have, or be eligible to obtain, a Security Clearance.
Communication skills including interpersonal, team communication, and documenting test results in UUT TPS Test Reports.
Microsoft Office Suite software applications (Word, PowerPoint, Excel).
5+ years developing and designing Computer Vision
3+ years C++ experience
Background in Computer Vision
Experience with depth sensing
Prototyping skills
Experience working in a nix environment
Experience with SLAM
Knowledge in machine learning, Bayesian filtering, information theory, and 3D geometry
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Vision, Machine Learning or related field or equivalent professional experience
BS in Computer Science or equivalent
Positive, get things done attitude.
Passionate about Practice Fusions mission
Work with automation and development teams to setup and support CI/CD build environments to ensure successful build and deployment of both software and firmware products
Develop and maintain scripts to support build and installation processes of both software and firmware products
Automate and improve existing and new build processes
Develop and maintain documents of build and deployment processes for both software and firmware products
Work with development teams to manage branching and merging strategies and efforts for all software and firmware product development releases
Support various groups (Development, Evaluation, etc.) with build issues, product installation issues and daily usage of various tools (JIRA, Bitbucket, etc.)
Drive adoption of best practices in testing and maintainability.
Participate in product design reviews, backlog refinement, etc. to provide input on testability of functional requirements, product designs, and estimating/planning.
Design and build advanced automated testing frameworks where needed.
Develop and support the testing of product features throughout the entire development cycle.
Analyze and decompose complex software systems from the quality lens looking for improvements to overall robustness, stability and/or performance.
Advance quality and diagnose issues by debugging the application through logs, stack traces and test results, continuous monitoring of systems under test and applications in production to increase confidence in the product or features rolled out.
Work closely with development teams to drive root cause analysis and feed that knowledge into automated quality processes effectively.
Knowledge acquired through completion of a four (4) year degree in a technical related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
0-2 years of experience in software testing, preferably with scientific instruments.
Building, improving and supporting CI/CD pipelines for various teams with different needs and release schedules.
Managing and configuring SCM systems such as SVN, Git, Bitbucket or some other SCM system.
Programming/scripting skills: shell scripting, Python, C++, .Net and/or some other scripting language.
Experience working in a VM environment such as vSphere.
InstallShield and/or Wix.
Atlassian Toolset (JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence, Bamboo).
Experience supporting Web based applications in a build management environment.
Understanding and/or experience incorporating unit tests into build process.
Understanding and/or experience incorporating code coverage/static analysis tools into build process such as Coverity and SonarQube.
Ability to work in a fast-paced development environment with complex project attributes.
Ability to develop unique, differentiated solutions to complex problems.
Ability to meet demands of customers on schedule and within budget.
Strong team leadership and team membership skills.
Strong sense of individual responsibility.
Ability to work with other business orgs. (Quality, Marketing, Purchasing, etc.)
Ability to influence others.
Evidence of participation in team-based project work and ability to fill multiple roles.
Ability to understand higher-level aspect of project.
Ability to take responsibility for things outside your direct control.
Ability and desire to work with global teams.
Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio and C# is required.
Understanding of analog and digital electronics required.
Experience with National Instruments data acquisition equipment is a plus.
A world leader and early innovator in mission-critical sensors and electrical protection
Satisfying the world's growing need for safety, energy efficiency and a clean environment
A partner, employer, and neighbor of choice
Provide systems design, development, programming and support for next generation core banking applications based in C# and .NET 4.0 , relational databases and distributed n-tier application platforms
Participate in design and code reviews across project work
Evaluate and test the capabilities, characteristics and requirements of existing and emerging technologies
Design, develop and implement unit and integration testing
Mentor team members in adopting technologies and tools that you are already familiar with
Participate in scrum agile development process.
5+ years experience developing with .NET and C#
B.S. Computer Science or equivalent experience
Experience with .NET 4.0 and above, C# and technologies such as WCF, WPF, WF, HTML5, CSS3
Ability to quickly learn new technology and apply knowledge to solve technical and business problems
Strong SQL skills required; experience with Oracle is a plus
Deep knowledge of software engineering and computer science fundamentals (e.g. patterns and practices)
Experience with SOA and large distributed systems
Experience developing mobile solutions is desired
Experience designing compelling business user interfaces
End to end experience across the entire software development lifecycle
Track record of shipping production ready software
Demonstrated ability to work independently with minimal supervision, as well as part of a project team in a cooperative effort
Using firmware design tools and languages.
Ability to apply analytical and problem solving skills.
General understanding of firmware and hardware design, including interactions and integrations of firmware with hardware
Firmware testing methodology, including execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools
Strong written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.
Ability to effectively communicate design proposals and negotiate options.
BA/BS in Computer Science, IS or related field
 0-3 years experience
Working knowledge of Object Oriented Programming
The passion and drive to expand your coding skills
Outstanding communication skills to effectively collaborate with teams
Exposure to one of the following: Java, Javascript, C++, CSS
Solid foundational knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with software development methodology and release processes
 Excellent problem solver
 Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Must be authorized to work in the US on a permanent basis
Competitive Salary
Relocation Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise Level Application Development Training
Life Insurance Policy
401K
Linux
Java (OSGi)
Javascript frameworks (preferably Angular 5, D3)
RESTful services
NoSQL and/or SQL databases (Cassandra, Redis, MySQL, Postgres)
Cloud services (AWS, Google Cloud Platform)
Apache services (Hadoop, Accumulo, ELK Stack)
UX design
Security best practices
Machine learning techniques
GIS
Networking/sysadmin experience
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
Team player
Able to handle multiple projects with varying deadlines
BA in related technology field
2-4 years demonstrated hands on web site development on Windows and Linux based platform
Solid understanding of full stack web development methodology and technology
Experience in editing and managing content on the web sites
Develop web site using Python, jQuery, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, XML
Familiarity with Python based ZOPE framework is desirable but not necessary
Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively.
US Citizen, must be clearable and have the ability to get an agency specific clearance 
Guide and provide software development and systems integration engineering of multiple projects.
Define and plan software projects based on Agile methodologies.
Perform the role of a Software Engineer (being able to advise, design, sustain, upgrade and implement software solutions) in multi-language environments, particularly for open-source technologies (e.g. Java, PostgreSQL, Spring)
Responsible for architecture, design, implementation, and maintenance of large-scale, Web-based enterprise application.
Operate and maintain the corporate Integrated Development / DevOPS Environment (IDE). This is a suite of Atlassian tools used for software development.
Present and articulate technical solutions in a concise, clear and convincing way to non-technical and technical audiences.
Maintain currency in the latest software development skills and methodologies.
Must have strong proposal writing experience on technical sections, including being able to lead a team on software design and development content.
Master�s Degree in computer science, software engineering, or related field
10 years of hands-on experience developing applications using Java, JavaEE platform and related open source components.
Hands-on experience with the following technology components
JavaEE platform components - Servlet/JSP, JAXB, JMX
JMS/ActiveMQ
Spring framework
Hibernate framework
Struts framework
SOAP/Restful Web services
Design Patterns
JavaScript and related frameworks such as ExtJS, jQuery etc.
GIS openlayers
XML/XSD
JUnit and Continuous Integration tools
Apache HTTPD, Tomcat web server experience
Maven/Ant build tools
PostgreSQL or any other relational database expertise
Linux scripts, tools and administration
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Must be able to qualify for a Public Trust (DHS) security clearance or a DoD Secret clearance.
Certified Agile Scrum Master
ITILv3 Foundation
Experience working in a CMMI Level 3 � certified software development environment
C++ development experience
Experience on developing solutions with loosely defined business problems with use of BPMN and/or UML and APPIAN.
Program management planning skills (MS Project and EVMS) based on standards of PMI.
Experience with tools such as SPARX EA, JIRA, BitBucket, Confluence, and MS Project Server.
Have expertise in the development of multi-platform, distributed applications, and object-oriented programming
Be a champion for application development security and work with our Information Security team to establish standards and best practices
AND experience working with cloud technologies would be icing on the cake
Build the backend for a secure, shared browser experience for multiple users across multiple platforms
Design and build a collaborative scheduling and calendar management system to help parents schedule recurring appointments with clinicians at the end of a therapy session
Abstract user authentication into its own app that communicates with an ESB
Develop a system that logs all access to patient records, and alerts us of suspicious behavior
Refactor dashboard queries to speed up one of our most-accessed features
Create a reputation system so parents can easily find quality clinicians
Deep expertise in your favorite dynamic programming language (Python, Ruby, and so on) with a strong preference for Python
Significant experience with a modern web framework with a preference for Django
Experience working with relational databases (MySQL , PostgreSQL, Oracle, and so on)
Experience shipping products
Significant understanding of object-oriented programming, data structures, algorithms, design patterns, systems engineering, scalability, databases, code optimization, unit testing, debugging, continuous delivery, and version control
Strong experience with modern browsers and debuggers
Some experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Experience with Angular, Less, and Grunt (our frontend toolkit) is a bonus
Opinions on product design and UX
Work well autonomously, as well as with a cross-functional team
A startup-person: hands-on, proactive, sees their role as more than just a job
Implement and maintain our Managed Services offerings for new clients
Contribute to internal APIs and software that support Managed Services
Engineer well-tested, well-documented, and resilient programs to power custom client implementations
Collaborate with teammates via PR Reviews, stand-ups, and sprint planning meetings
Support client-facing teams as needed
Have professional Ruby experience with a strong understanding of OOP and best practices
Design and implement db schemas and APIs
Understand SQL and NoSQL data stores
Are experienced with Ruby on Rails and Object Relational Mappers such as ActiveRecord
Have familiarity with infrastructure provisioning and/or any of the following: AWS, Terraform, Docker
Actively research and incorporate best practices
Problem-solve and take ownership
Are excited to work with new technologies and learn
Enjoy working with others in a team environment #NoJerks
Successful completion of a Bachelor's Degree or relevant Technical / Business experiences
2-5 years' experience SQL Server development in a data warehouse environment
Must have experience using SSIS
Knowledge of data modeling
Experience in data base tuning and performance improvement
Expereience working in an agile development environment
Very little or no travel is required
Work is performed in a standard office environment with minimal exposure to health or safety hazards
Industry Reputation! As a division of Aquent, we're part of the worlds largest creative staffing firm and work with some the best agencies and companies in the universe.
Work/life balance. We say it, we mean it! Seriously, take vacation when you need it, so long as it's cool with your team. We offer unusually generous and flexible vacation benefits. We believe in rewarding hard work as you achieve your goals! Our benefits package ain’t so bad, either: medical, vision, and dental, 401(k) with employer match, FSA, tuition reimbursement, and more.
Excellent written and verbal communications skills are essential.
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists and interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.
Some night and weekend work may be required to complete certain duties.
The ability to read and interpret documents such as functional specifications, technical specifications, safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals.
Clear, concise and accurate written technical paper(s) such as Technical Guidelines, operational procedures, technical standards, manuals, and configuration documentation.
Respond to change in a positive manner and willingness to shift your work or schedule in response to the demands of the situation.
Provide a solution design that both meets the business requirements but also the best technical practices of standing up new capabilities for the National Data Hub. Assist FRBR with the design and implementation of new capabilities, onboarding new customers and support.
Work with Hadoop Administrators to prescribe data ingestion standards that will implement solutions similar to Flume-Kafka integration.
Responsible for creating all processing data tenants which include utilization of Spark, Hive, SQL and other Hadoop framework components. Will work with architecture and App Dev teams on frameworks but not responsible for development activities.
Work in concert with the Security Administrator to outline data security, such as Apache Sentry, to securely manage authentication by verifying National IT user credentials.
Deploy authorization scheme that limits the users access to a given resource as defined by National IT business requirements.
Define roles that depict a user of the big data service, i.e., a National IT individual identified by underlying National IT official authentication system.
Define the user access template that combine multiple access rules that utilize the National IT Active Directory access model combined with the Hadoop security model.
Troubleshoot large complex infrastructure environments:
Design, implementation, maintenance, and contingency strategy experience in a high volume, mission critical, time-sensitive environment.
Document system designs, train peers, and operational staff.
The ability to troubleshoot issues and determine root cause quickly in a high pressure environment.
The ability to troubleshoot/diagnose proprietary software issues (Memory Leaks, Buffer Overflows, etc.), and then work with vendors to obtain the proper product patches.
Able to perform work with high degree of independence and administrative responsibility.
Denotes essential duties and/or any physical requirements required to perform essential duties for the role.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Relevant software development experience including significant product deliveries and leadership role in delivering advanced networking software systems
Significant product design and delivery experience with Routers and/or MPLS switches designed for Service Provider deployments
Experience with product cycles and deployment requirements for carrier class products in Service Provider customer environments &lt;br/&gt;Required Experience:
ISTQB Software Testing Certification required, or 1-2 years of recent software testing experience
Basic knowledge of Software Testing fundamentals and terminology
Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook
Working knowledge of multiple Internet browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Google Chrome
Familiarity with mobile devices is a big plus
Strong analytic and problem-solving skills
Well-organized and able to prioritize
Attention to detail
Excellent oral and written communication skills including strong grammar and spelling skills
Team Player with the ability to make decisions
Honest , Highly accountable, Exceptional Work Ethic
Inquisitive, Willing to learn and ability to learn quickly
Self-confident, Persistent and Flexible
Experience in the IT Industry a big plus
Designing various apps and software solutions for clients
Participating in both front and back end web development work using a range of tools (eg: Java, CSS, MVC, etc)
Up to 3 years of experience with Java
A good understanding of network, security, and web basics
Familiarity with J2EE, Enterprise JavaBeans, and Agile methodologies
Degree in CS, Eng, or related field
Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Information systems, Computer Science, Economics or equivalent education
3 years of work experience required
Strong knowledge of Frontend Development, UI/UX design – from idea to development
Experience with Design Thinking workshops
Requirement Engineering skills
Strong React/ Redux and JavaScript Frontend skills
Fluent in English (multi-lingual preferred)
Professional appearance with strong customer focus
Enthusiastic, analytical and structured working attitude
Willingness to be based in Atlanta, GA and travel 80-100%
US Citizen/Green Card/EAD required (we are unable to sponsor visas at this time)
In addition, shall have demonstrated work experience in at least two (2) of the desired characteristics 
Shall have at least three (3) years experience developing software for Windows (2000, 2003, XP, VISTA) or UNIX/Linux (Redhat versions 3-5) operating systems 
Experience deploying applications in a cloud environment
Understanding of Big-Data Cloud Scalability (Amazon, Google, Facebook)
Hadoop/Cloud Developer Certification
Experience desining and developing automated analytic software, techniques, and algorithms
Experience with linguistics (grammar, morphology, concepts)
Experience developing and deploying analytics within a heterogeneous schema environment
Experience documenting ontologies, data models, schemas, formats, data element dictionaries, software application program interfaces and other technical specifications
Experience developing and deploying analytics that discover and exploit social networks
Experience developing and deploying: data driven analytics; event driven analytics; sets of analytics orchestrated through rules engines
Experience with taxonomy construction for analytic disciplines, knowledge areas and skills
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Self-starter with the ability to remain flexible and learn new technologies quickly
Close interaction with development management&lt;/LI&gt; &lt;li&gt;Must have excellent troubleshooting/debugging skills, using a variety of tools such as gdb.
Ability to interact and collaborate with other senior engineers in different geographies
Excellent teamwork, written and verbal communication skills.&lt;/LI&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;DIV&gt;Desirable:&lt;/DIV&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;8 years minimum experience
CIFS/OS Protocols development experience
Multi OS level experience such as Unix and Windows
DCE RPC or ONC RPC
Domain Controllers
Active Directory
Knowledge of Windows domain architecture
Virus Scanning Engines
Security Protocols, such as Kerberos
GPO (Group Policy Objects),&lt;/LI&gt; &lt;li&gt;ACLs
Prior experience with implementation of IETF projects.
Passionate coder with 4+ years of application development experience.
Strong experience in .NET, C# development required.
Strong skills in HTML, CSS, JQuery, Javascript, Web Forms, MVC, Web Services, and Service Oriented Architecture required.
Experience with Angular or Typescript preferred.
Strong debugging, problem solving and investigative skills. Ability to assimilate disparate information (log files, error messages etc.) and pursue leads to find root cause problems.
Experience with Agile/Scrum methodology.
Knowledge of version control systems, web development experience.
eCommerce experience strongly preferred, preferably working with a platform such as Insite.
Self-starter who can work independently.
Bachelor's Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Math, Engineering or comparable major.
Strong consulting and communication skills. Ability to work effectively with various organizations in pursuit of problem solutions.
BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or other relevant degrees
3+ years of experience making significant contributions in the form of code
Strong understanding of algorithms and data structures in knowing when to apply them
Deep familiarity with one or more programming languages (Ex: Scala, Java, Python, C++ etc.)
Experience working with high scale systems
Ability to work with SQL/NoSQL DBMS
Knowledge of RESTful Web services
Interested in data engineering to develop ingestion engines, ETL pipelines, and organizing the data to expose it in a consumable format.
Passionate about agile/lean/simple
Experience programming for JVM is a plus
Domain based design / micro-services development on cloud computing platform like AWS is mandatory.
Design and code from specifications, analyzes, evaluates, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software apps
Uses coding methods in specific programming languages to initiate or enhance program execution and functionality
Participate in the evaluation, recommendation, and selection of hardware and software solutions
Perform project management of estimating, scheduling, and monitoring tasks
Performs expert-level engineering tasks associated with the analysis, design, and development of computer hardware, firmware, embedded systems, and/or operating systems
Develop, maintain, and report intranet metrics
Interface with different departments within the organization regarding new deployments
Manage, administer, and maintain all internet and intranet sites
Research/analyze data processing functions, methods and procedures - Monitor program execution for expected performance Requires a bachelor&#039;s degree in area of specialty and at least 8 to10 years of experience in the field or in a related area
Well versed with agile software delivery process using JIRA (including breaking down work into modular tasks, updating/tracking task status/work log entries for sprint management), STASH/GIT (source code management including branching strategy, code review), JENKINS (automated builds, automated unit test cases, sonarqube analysis) and ANSIBLE (auto deployment using zero down time application deployment techniques). Domain based design / micro-services development on cloud computing platform like AWS is mandatory.
8+ years of application software development experience using:
Java/J2EE programming experience including Servlets, Hibernate, etc.
UNIX (Solaris/Linux), C/C++ programming
Designing and developing 2/3-tier application with Oracle RDBMS
Application servers like Weblogic and Web containers like Tomcat
XML, JSON, Web Services, and Web applications
PL/SQL, packages, procedures and functions
Working knowledge of Perl or shell scripting
Ability to quickly perform proof-of-concepts for validating new technology or approach
Architect, estimate, code, unit test, and debug new features being added to Zenfolio.com
Work on individual and collaborative, team-based engineering projects
Work with Product Management and UI Designers to identify technical requirements and project plan details
Create full-stack, data-driven web applications based upon user interface specifications
Create new SQL queries and expand upon existing database schema
Debug and optimize the performance of a large-scale, service-oriented web platform
At least 5 years of professional web application development experience
At least 3 years of experience in object-oriented programming
At least 3 years of experience relational database development experience
Thorough understanding of Microsoft technologies, including ASP.NET, C#, Microsoft IIS, and SQL Server
Experience developing node.js services and document databases in a container-based environment will be considered as a great advantage
Advanced knowledge of JavaScript development for web applications
Proven experience working with JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, and XML
Eager to learn new concepts and apply acquired knowledge in practice
E-commerce experience and photography background a plus
BS degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, other related technical field, or equivalent experience
You believe in our mission and crave the ownership and responsibility we will give you.
You have strong experience in a dynamic language used for web development, such as Ruby, Python, or Go.
You are comfortable working on dynamic websites using AJAX and modern frameworks like Angular or React, as well as plain old JavaScript.
You've worked on web apps - you know how HTTP, Rest, and web security works. 
You are at home in a Unix/Linux workflow.
You have a distinct passion for product driven development and you love writing clean, understandable, and maintainable code
You have a desire to learn and improve your craftsmanship, plus you will always go the extra mile to provide happiness to your customers
Interviewing, teaching, or mentoring experience is a plus as it will help you relate to our mission and culture
4+ years of professional, industry experience as a software engineer
Experience with the design and operation of large distributed systems
Expert in a programming language such as Python or Scala, and their respective standard data processing libraries
Strong working knowledge of relational databases and SQL
Rigor in high code quality, automated testing, and other engineering best practices
Have strong opinions, weakly held and rooted in personal experience. You can easily disregard prior held biases and opinions in the face of new information and use cases.
Delight in building great tools that are a joy to use.
Data quality monitoring system built on top of our data pipelines.
Distributed data pipelines for moving data from a variety of source data stores into a centralized warehouse.
Schema management tooling for all of our engineering teams.
Knowledge discovery tool to help our co-workers find out where and how to ask questions that can be answered by our data.
Machine learning infrastructure to empower our data scientists to more easily gain access to a consistent view of our data.
Hands on experience with system attack and penetration testing tools, such as metasploit and others
&#034;Hands-on&#034; skills in at leastone of the following: Java, XML, HTML, C/C++/Objective-C/C#, NodeJS, Python, JavaScript and RESTful design
Experience in using mobile development tools and methodologies (XCode, RESTful interaction, Application Sandboxing, Mobile UI design, etc)
Strong fundamental knowledge of computer science, especially algorithms and data structures germane to the development of high-quality, efficient software.
Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
Understanding of enterprise platforms (JavaEE, .NET), Cloud Computing, Web Services principles and Service Oriented Architecture (SOAs) and frameworks such as Spring.
Mobile platforms (iPhone, Android, QNX) and mobile software development
Experience with malware analysis tools and techniques
Experience working with reverse engineering environments, such as IDAPro
Internet of Things knowledge
Hands on experience with system attack and penetration testing tools, such as metasploit and others
Experience with malware analysis tools and techniques
Experience in the security of telematics systems
Experience developing in QNX and other embedded operating systems
Experience in developing personal and enterprise security products
Bachelors degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or related field and 2 years experience in information technology or related field within the past 7 years OR 3 years experience in information technology or related field within the past 7 years OR Master&#039;s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or related field.&lt;/ul&gt;Additional Preferred Qualifications &lt;br/&gt;• 2+ years experience designing, building, and implementing projects using hadoop/spark/karfka/cassandra or other open-source big-data technologoes projects&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;1-2 years experience developing cloud based data solutions on AWS, Azure or Google
Contributor to open source community &lt;br/&gt;Company Summary&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Its all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
Demonstrate strong presentation, negotiation and team building skills.
Familiarity with Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity planning
Passion for process design and improvement
Experience with Enterprise processes and documentation
Experience with Level 3 Application Support
B.S. ComputerScience or equivalent quantitative field required
5+ Years of continuous software industry experience required
Must be able to write clean, maintainable, bug-free code independently
Able to solve complex problems with simple and optimal solutions
Able to learn different technologies and programming languages quickly
Experience in Unity, iOS development, Android development, web 2.0, start-up, or social/mobile gaming a plus
Has strong empathy for users
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Code, test, document, configure, and debug responsive web and middle-tier solutions using C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular, Entity Framework, SQL Server
Report Generation (DevExpress Reporting), occasionally assist desktop software teams.
Collaborate with Requirements, SQA and other development teams to ensure solutions are efficient, consistent and fulfill business needs
Participate in analysis and design, design reviews, and code reviews.
Work in Agile software development environment (using Scrum).
Refactor existing software
Applies generally accepted programming standards and techniques to assure efficient program logic and data manipulation
Attendance during regular work hours and overtime as required.
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or related field.
Two or more years of design and development (web) experience.
Required experience with C# (or C++/Java), JavaScript, HTML, and SQL
Experience working in a service oriented architecture.
Knowledge of data structures and strong understanding of object-oriented principles
Excellent programming skills and ability to work in Linux environment
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field
Able to work on-site in our downtown Bellevue office
SQL and/or other database technologies including internal implementations.
Data warehouse design, database systems, and large-scale data processing solutions
Contributing to open source projects in the big-data/Hadoop ecosystem
Large scale distributed systems, transactions and consistency models.
Cloud infrastructure, AWS in particular
Delivering compelling experiences in SaaS or web-based solutions
Build an industry-leading data management system that customers love
Solve challenging technical problems related to security, parallel and distributed systems, programming, resource management, large-scale system maintenance, and more!
Learn about and contribute to super-robust and secure enterprise SaaS platform that services hundreds of customers and millions of complex queries daily
Learn about and contribute to highly-scalable and reliable data processing platform that runs on hundreds and thousands of machines
 Learn about and contribute to user interfaces bridging the enterprise world with the consumer experience
Join a world-class team of both industry veterans and rising stars
REST API fluency.
Data driven applications or data pipelines skills.
Distributed systems knowledge.
Spark and Scala experience is big plus.
Hadoop experience is a plus.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Experience with automation test frameworks like Selenium and TestNG are a plus
Working experience with Tomcat application server
SQL experience with Oracle preferred
PL/SQL experience a plus
Strong documentation skills preferred
Quick learner with an ability to grasp complicated processes quickly
Ability to work easily with others especially with people from varied cultural backgrounds
Strong communication skills including the ability to produce clearly written documentation
Pursuing college degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or related field or equivalent relevant working experience required
1-2 years Java/JEE application development experience
1-2 years web development experience with HTML and JavaScript
6 months+ years Spring Framework or other MVC development experience
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational and communication skills
Excellent grades and a track record of success
Knowledge of software programming languages (dynamic languages such as Javascript, Ruby, Python, and Perl are preferred)
Knowledge of relational databases and SQL
Knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, and CSS
Understanding of Object-Oriented programming
Fast learner
MySQL
git, Subversion
jQuery, Ajax
Selenium
Linux environments (RHEL, CentOS)
Amazon Web Services
Messaging frameworks (rabbitmq, 0mq)
Bachelors in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related discipline
Strong object-oriented development skills, preferably Java and/or C#
Exposure to all development tiers: databases, front-end & middle-tier development
Knowledge of common software design patterns and best practices
Experience with Web Technologies
Experience with Mobile Technologies are a plus
Self-starter, fast learner and flexible
Strong interpersonal, presentation, as well as verbal and written communication skills
Class projects, internships or research demonstrating your ability and passion for putting your technical know-how to use
Extra-curricular activities and personal projects that demonstrate your areas of interest are a plus
Excellent collaboration, problem-solving and decision-making skills
Ability to work in a team environment, as well as independently
Ability to interface with clients and functional analysts to understand systems design and requirements
Evaluate the technical tradeoffs of every decision
Perform code reviews and ensure exceptional code quality
Build robust, lasting, and scalable products
Iterate quickly without compromising quality
BS/BA in a technical field such as Computer Science or equivalent experience
Really, really good software engineers
Someone who gets excited by tough technical challenges
Someone who loves to learn, and is passionate about helping others
Experience with mobile apps and/or databases
M.S. degree in Computer Science or related field preferred
Someone who can collaborate and work well with others
3+ years of software engineering experience preferred
Experience working with distributed systems preferred
A passion for Snapchat and creativity!
Join a team thats won Apple&#039;s App Store Best of 2015 and Google Play&#039;s Best Apps of 2016
Leverage RxJava and ReactiveSwift to write immutable and typesafe code
Collaborate directly with the product team to prototype and test experimental features
Work with distributed systems and write RESTful Scala-based microservices using Finagle
Interface with large, distributed no-SQL databases
Write internal web tools and dashboards as single-page Javascript applications (AngularJS)
Work with Apache Spark (python and Scala) to analyse trillions of data points
Work on pipelines ingesting billions of data points daily with Kafka and Spark Streaming
Build novel, often very large databases to support new app features
Work on Hopper's service monitoring and orchestration using Mesos and Kubernetes
Help manage Hopper's own datacenters using Ansible
Not sure what you'd work on? Don’t worry! When you join, we’ll figure out the best fit which may very well be working on all of these
Design and write beautiful code: simple, testable, efficient and maintainable
Learn new languages, technologies and frameworks from one project to the next
Collaborate with others to solve tough technical and product problems
Strong knowledge of Big Data and database technologies such as MongoDB, Cassandra, Titan/Apache Tinkerpop, Apache Solr, Elasticsearch, Hadoop, and SQL.
Proficiency in full-stack web development languages such as AngularJS, Node.js, and JavaScript.
Effective written and verbal communication skills, as you will be required to communicate details about the technology to experts and non-experts.
Ability to document requirements and specifications.
B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science with academic excellence in one or more of the following - Software engineering, Machine learning, Applied mathematics, and Engineering.
Minimum of 4 or more years of experience in C\C++\C#
Willingness and demonstrated aptitude to learn additional coding skills, such as:
Visual Basic, C++, C#, Objective-C,VB.NET
ASP.NET, WCF, MVC Framework, Java, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, SQL, LINQ, NUnit/JUnit/JsUnit
Knowledge of Visual Studio Team Services, Visual Studio 2017, Team Foundation Server.
Comfortable in work in a loosely defined Agile Scrum process
Proven ability to work closely with other software engineers as a member of the team
Flexibility to work evenings and weekends as needed.
Service Orientation - Responds promptly to UMA's business unit needs; Solicits feedback to improve service; Meets commitments.
Interpersonal Skills - Focuses on solving conflict, not blaming; Maintains confidentiality; Listens to others without interrupting; Keeps emotions under control; Remains open to others ideas and tries new things.
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; Listens and gets clarification; Responds well to questions; Demonstrates group presentation skills; Participates in meetings.
Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; Edits work for spelling and grammar; Varies writing style to meet needs; Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret written information.
Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others views; Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; Supports everyone&#039;s efforts to succeed.
Judgment - Displays willingness to make decisions; Exhibits sound and accurate judgment; Supports and explains reasoning for decisions; Includes appropriate people in decision-making process; Makes timely decisions.
Motivation - Sets and achieves challenging goals; Demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles; Measures self against standard of excellence; Takes calculated risks to accomplish goals.
Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities; Uses time efficiently; Plans for additional resources; Sets goals and objectives; Develops realistic action plans.
Professionalism - Approaches others in a tactful manner; Reacts well under pressure; Treats others with respect and consideration regardless of their status or position; Accepts responsibility for own actions; Follows through on commitments.
Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; Applies feedback to improve performance; Monitors own work to ensure quality.
Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment; Manages competing demands; Changes approach or method to best fit the situation; Able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time; Ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; Arrives at meetings and appointments on time.
Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Takes responsibility for own actions; Keeps commitments; Commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.
Initiative - Volunteers readily; Undertakes self-development activities; Seeks increased responsibilities; Takes independent actions and calculated risks; Looks for and takes advantage of opportunities; Asks for and offers help when needed.
Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity; Meets challenges with resourcefulness; Generates suggestions for improving work; Develops innovative approaches and ideas; Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others attention.
May require long periods of sitting at a desk working on a computer
May require occasional bending, stooping and squatting
May require occasional lifting of up to 10 lbs.
Have 0 - 2 years general business experience, including 0 - 1 year developer or systems analyst experience
Highly collaborative, a fast learner and willing to work wherever youre needed on the team.
Able to learn new technologies regularly with a foundational knowledge of JavaScript. Experience with both front-end and back-end Javascript frameworks a plus.
Experienced with software engineering fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, testable code, and algorithms.
Able to write clean, maintainable code, and read code created by others.
A self-starter who can drive solutions from concept to delivery while overcoming obstacles.
Work at a rapid startup-like pace.
Build a strong understanding of common innovation discovery and production techniques such as human centered design, design thinking and lean startup.
Thrive on inventing new solutions to unmet user needs using validated learning.
Pick up new technologies youve never use before quickly as the project evolves.
Be creative, flexible and passionate about software engineering and creating great, usable, software solutions.
Be skilled in communicating technical information with both technical and non-technical peers.
Strong oral and written communication skills are a must
High energy, proactive and approachable personality who enjoy solving diverse problems
Proven problem solving abilities and creative thinking
At least 2 years of Software development experience with Salesforce
Some professional experience using JavaScript
Experience with the following technologies: Apex, VisualForce, C#
Knowledge of HTML, CSS is desired, but not required
Ability to positively interact with all members of development team
Thorough understanding of object oriented development theory
Self-starter capable of working on small teams in a fast-paced environment
Experience working with an RDMS as a Software Developer; such as Oracle or SQL Server
Familiarity with developing or working in Salesforce, Eclipse, Maven, Flosum
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or M.S. in Computer Science
&lt;strong&gt;Client Focus-&lt;/strong&gt;Engages with the clients, both internal and external, and their needs as a primary focus; builds a sustaining collaborative and productive relationship with clients; seeks to understand client situations, issues, expectations, etc.; takes appropriate action to meet client needs and address concerns; implements or utilizes methods to monitor and evaluate client feedback; appropriately meets client needs without jeopardizing business outcomes or results.
&lt;strong&gt;Results Oriented-&lt;/strong&gt; Sets stretch goals for personal accomplishment and works tenaciously to achieve those goals; acts with a sense of urgency; takes the initiative on actions; establishes metrics to monitor progress and measure success; maintains focus by avoiding or overcoming roadblocks.
Integrity - Behaves in an honest, fair and ethical manner; shows consistency in words and actions; does what he/she commits to doing; respects the confidentiality of information or concerns shared by others; is honest and forthright with people; carries his/her fair share of the workload; takes responsibility for own mistakes.
Entrepreneurial Orientation - Proposes innovative business opportunities/ideas to customers and business partners; encourages and supports entrepreneurial behavior in others; demonstrates willingness to take calculated risks to achieve business goals.
Decisiveness - The ability to make well informed, effective, and timely decisions even when data is limited or solutions produce unpleasant consequences; perceives the impact and implications of decisions; ability to make tough decisions.
Application development experience (Java or any other language)
Knowledge of NodeJS
REST based Service development experience (Preferably in NodeJS, but any language is good)
Cloud Orchestration experience(Terraform/Chef/Ansible)
Knowledge of AWS/Azure (or least one of them)
Bachelor-s degree or a minimum 4 years work related programming experience demonstrating a comprehensive application of programming principles, methodologies, tools, and techniques; demonstrated aptitude for performing system-level technical designs.
Experience will include the following technologies:
Java
Java JDK
Jre
GIT (preferably PVCS, Github)
Junit, QUnit (preferably Jmockit, Junit 4 and Junit 5)
Must have Front End development experience with HTML/HTML5, CSS, Javascript, jQuery (Backbone, Flex a plus)
Middleware/Application Server experience to include Java 8 and a basic understanding of REST/Soap. Experience with WebSphere, JBoss 6, J2EE, Java 9 preferred
Database experience to include SQL Server 2014, Oracle 12c.
Qualified candidates must have good working knowledge of the software development process.
Desired skills include software development, C and/or C++ software language proficiency, familiarity with embedded programming and real-time OS, and proficiency in Microsoft Office
Strong interpersonal communication skills and problem solving skills, as well as the ability to work in a small team environment are desires
He/she must be able to demonstrate enthusiasm and initiative in finding innovative solutions, achieving goals, and solving problems with minimal supervision
A Bachelors degree in Computer Science is highly desired which will be considered equivalent to two (2) years experience
A Masters degree in a Technical Field will be considered equivalent to four (4) years experience
Ability to read analyze and interpret engineering specifications, general business periodicals professional journals technical procedures or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, specifications and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of peers and managers.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to read technical and clinical literature and documents and extract important concepts.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be required to perform lifting tasks of up to 10 pounds for short durations. Duties of this job may involve standing and/or walking for extended periods of time. Duties also involve daily keyboard data entry. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and color vision.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related fields
3+ years of experience developing enterprise software applications in Java
Experience with web services and XML related technology
Experience with at least two of the following technologies: JDBC, Spring Framework, JSON, Servlet, JSP/JSF and JAXB.
Experience with front end technology, such as HTML, CSS and java script.
Experience with Unix or Linux
Experience with relational database, such as Oracle and MySQL
Experience with Perl, PHP and Zend framework
Experience with Maven and SVN
Experience with some ETL tool.
Experience with some following: Angular, React, Vue
Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits
Life Insurance, Flexible Spending Account
401K matching
Employee Stock Ownership Program in a $2.6 Billion Company, plus company matching
Wellness Program, Daily Team Exercises, Fresh Fruit for all employees
Metro Tap Card and Metro-link Reimbursement
Westlake University, Certification Programs
Career Path Opportunities
Discounts on Parks, Museums, Movie Tickets, and Attractions
Wireless, Computer, and Satellite Discounts
Onsite DMV
Employee Loan Assistance Westlake Bike Share (Free Bikes onsite)
Onsite Yoga, Treadmill Desks, Gym Membership Discounts
Annual Flu Shots, Biometric Screenings
Paid Vacation Days
Paid Sick days
Paid Holidays
HGym
Rental Car Discounts, Dell Member Purchase Program
Fluent in multiple application development languages at an expert level
Experience with various computer platforms and application environments
Expertise with developing multiple tiers of multi-tiered software applications
Expertise in designing programs and applications
Experience designing application systems
Constantly updating personal technical and business knowledge and skills and mentoring others to increase the knowledge and skills of the team
Strong organizational or Project Management skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Bachelors Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
Typically 2-5 years of directly related experience
Experience working with distributed team is preferred
C, C++ is required
Real-time design and development experience
Linux operating system familiarity
Basic systems engineering concepts
Full software lifecycle development processes
Knowledge of design methodologies and processes
Modern office procedures and methods
Pluses: Shared memory, Qt (3 or higher), code porting, ATC knowledge
Understand and follow oral and written instructions in English
Communicate clearly and precisely, both orally and in writing, in English
Ability to read, interpret and develop quality control documents from the statement of work
Ability to write reports and correspondence including quality metrics
Ability to speak effectively with customers (to include government officials, corporate officials, and employees)
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work.
Define and implement design requirements for aircraft simulator
Specify system, process, service, and product quality requirements
Institute corrective and preventive action to address non-compliance
Identify and record non-conformance through organizational channels
Recommend changes to eliminate non-conformance symptoms and root causes
Verify the effectiveness of corrective and preventative actions
Maintain effective audio-visual discrimination and perception needed for: making observations, communicating with others, and reading and writing
Maintain physical conditioning appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities which may include: sitting at a desk using a computer for prolonged periods of time
Working knowledge of Object Oriented programming/configuration and concepts
Minimum 2 years software development experience either in job offered or as Developer.
Foundation knowledge in HTML and XML
Experience building active/production web applications and/or websites
Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: C/C++, .Net, Java, Ajax
Understand the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes: Requirements Gathering, Design, Development, Testing and Deployment.
Experience with RDBMS - Primary Keys, Foreign Keys
Basic data modeling skills
Must have 2 years' experience with the following: working with Visual Studio ASP.NET MVC, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Knockout JS, C Sharp, SQL Server 2014, Azure SQL DB, Active Domain Web Application Integration, RESTful API Web Services and Web applications with SQL  &lt;div&gt;Education Requirements: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related &lt;div&gt;Desired Skills and Experience:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
Knowledge of agile and test driven development processes is desirable
Metadata-driven definitional development experience is a plus
Understand Database Management Systems (DBMS) like Oracle and SQL Server
Knowledge on how to write SQL statements
IWMS (Integrated Workplace Management System) experience
CAFM (Computer-Aided Facility Management) experience
CAD (Computer-Aided Design) experience (i.e. AutoCAD, Microstation). &lt;div&gt;Required Soft Skills: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
Have long-sustaining positive “can do? attitude
Highly organized and detail-oriented
Excellent documentation, communication and interpersonal skills
Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities
Have self-motivated confidence without being ego-centric
Enjoy working with and supporting a team
Excellent in both verbal and written communication
Innovate solutions to technical problems
Flexible and adaptive to the role and job expectation
Consistent on-time delivery of assignments
Consistent at setting expectations for when assignments are to be met
Willingness to learn new concepts beyond what is expected
Ability to plan and organize effectively
Build new features for our suite of integrated narrative generation extensions and products
Write code on our backend and frontend services, including client libraries and tooling
Seek code reviews and code review your peers' work
Write unit and functional tests and work with the QA team on the integration test strategy
Support your products running in production
Participate in projects that improve the performance and usability of Quill
Document code and feature set
Work in an agile team, including sprint planning, daily standups and user story estimation
Learn various Business Intelligence tools and SDKs in support of embedded Quill products
A Bachelors degree or 1-2 years of professional software development experience
Proven software related project experience
Ability to write clear, concise and tested code. We use Python and JavaScript/CoffeeScript; you don't necessarily need experience in these, but we expect you to learn!
Experience working with and debugging web applications
Affinity for a dynamic work environment that builds opportunities for education, collaboration and partnership
Accountable for results through methods and ownership
Willingness to partner with a wide variety of people from diverse backgrounds, including engineering, product and professional services team members
Experience with NoSQL data stores (e.g. MongoDB) is a nice-to-have
4-year degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Information Systems, Computer Science or related field highly preferred; Combination of education and experience may be considered in lieu of 4-year degree.
Languages: Typescript, JavaScript, CoffeeScript, C#, Swift, Java
MV* Web Frameworks: Angular, Angular JS, React, Vuejs, Ember, Backbone, Aurelia
Build Tools and Package Managers: Webpack, Gulp, Grunt, Bower, NPM, Babel, Yeoman
JavaScript Frameworks and Web Tools: NodeJS, BreezeJS, Moment, Angular-Material, Bootstrap, Ionic, Font-Awesome
Databases: SQL Server, Mongo DB, Oracle, MySQL
Server Side: Entity Framework, ASP.Net Web API, REST, SignalR/WebHooks/Web Sockets
Mobile: Responsive design, offline apps, iOS, Android
Strong oral and written communication skills
Strong Interpersonal skills with ability to effectively relate to key users and stakeholders of all levels
Strong time management and organizational skills, with ability to multi-task with attention to accuracy and details
Exceptional problem solving skills with strong desire to deliver quality technical solutions
Must be a highly collaborative team player that possesses the ability to adapt to a changing and fast paced work environment
Up-to-date with frontend web technologies
Familiarity with responsive web design techniques
Git experience on a large team or open-source projects
Knowledge of Flow, ImmutableJS
History of working with Backbone.js or jQuery
Some experience building frontend applications using Angular
Experience using Grunt, NPM and linting
Experience with designing user interfaces
Familiarity with PHP or other backend frameworks
Experience with Linux
Understanding of how APIs and HTTP work
Experience with MongoDB, Redis, MySQL or other backend technologies
Demonstrate high-quality software craftsmanship; via various project work or a history of building great products
Can see the big picture: Youre able to understand requirements from other points of view, beyond just the spec. Whether building an internal developer tool or working on a critical UI feature used by millions, your sharp design sense and focus on quality and simplicity ensures a great end-to-end user experience
Solid coding ability in any language, with the desire to learn others. We mainly use Go, JavaScript, Node.js but welcome all sorts of other knowledge i.e. Python, Java, C++
Propensity for shipping product and iterating quickly
Demonstrate strong ownership of and responsibility for what you build
Versatile engineer able to work across various projects
Pragmatic: Successfully balance exploring new solutions with leveraging the best tool for the job at hand
Any production experience using modern UI frameworks (such as React) is a plus
Previous work on large-scale web applications with reusable component architecture desired
Qualified candidates must have good working knowledge of the software development process.
Desired skills include software development, C and/or C++ software language proficiency, familiarity with embedded programming and real-time OS, and proficiency in Microsoft Office
Strong interpersonal communication skills and problem solving skills, as well as the ability to work in a small team environment are desires
He/she must be able to demonstrate enthusiasm and initiative in finding innovative solutions, achieving goals, and solving problems with minimal supervision
Experience with integration engine technology.
Experience with microservice architecture.
Experience writing Windows clients
Experience with web applications
Experience with automated testing.
Familiar with a variety of software concepts, practices, and procedures. (Agile is preferred.)
Experience building distributed applications or micro services
Experience with cloud service provider(s) - Amazon AWS preferred with services such as EC2, S3, RDS and Lambda
Experience working with Docker
Experience working with C/C++
Experience working with Hadoop or other MapReduce Systems
Minimum BS in CS/CE or related
Relevant programming experience
The more of these, the better: Javascript, Python, .NET, iOS, Android, PHP.
Excellent interpersonal and collaborative skills.
Critical thinking, problem solving, and interest in learning new technologies, platforms, business processes.
Attention to detail with a proactive mindset and the ability to work as part of a global team.
Proficiency with use of story/sprint tracking tools such as JIRA or equivalent a plus.
In-depth knowledge and hands-on experience in supporting & implementing applications
Preferred 1+ years experience with integrations between hosted services and on premise enterprise applications.
Preferred 1+ years experience supporting Marketing business functions.
Preferred 1+ years experience with the Agile methodology.
Salesforce.com experience highly desired.
Base knowledge of the W3Cs Web Content Accessibility Guidelines v2.0
Exposure to current tools used by people with disabilities (screen readers and other assistive technologies)
Experience with accessibility evaluation and validation software
Understanding of input and output modes used by people with disabilities
Familiarity with compliance requirements - state, Federal, international
Analytical thinker and problem solver
Strong focus on quality
Strong communication skills
SOLID object-oriented design skills
C#.NET (especially the new open source .NET Core version) or another strongly typed OO language and framework
Angular 2+ with unit tests or a similar advanced Javascript framework
Firm grasp of RESTful patterns
Strong grasp of writing testable software
A collaborative orientation toward team success and growth
Other beneficial experience might include Bootstrap 3, strong CSS& SASS skills, Ionic Framework, strong SQL skills (mainly MS SQL Server), and Kafka for event-source messaging. Experience with building to Docker containers and managing builds with Bamboo could also be a plus.
Associates degree (or higher) –OR- 2+ years professional work experience.
3+ years experience in software development.
Bachelor's degree (or higher) –OR- 4+ years professional work experience.
5+ years experience in software development.
Bachelor's degree (or higher) –OR- 4+ years professional work experience.
6+ years experience in software development.
Knowledge of software development methodologies, practices, and tools.
Knowledge of project management methodologies, practices, and tools.
Knowledge of one more programming languages used by the team.
Knowledge of software testing practices and tools.
Knowledge of problem solving techniques and tools.
Ability to travel as needed for company business and professional development.
Ability to work nights and weekends as needed for system implementations and resolving system problems.
Knowledge of business analysis practices and business process modeling.
Knowledge of quality management and quality improvement practices.
Knowledge of team leadership skills, practices, and behaviors.
Knowledge of techniques, tools, and applicable laws to conduct effective and legal interviews.
Knowledge of techniques for writing and presenting business proposals to management.
Knowledge of effective writing and public speaking skills. Ability to convey complex information to general audiences.
Experience mentoring Software Developers in the delivery of high-quality software
Assists in the interview and integration processes when asked
Great attitude and commitment to get the job done
2+ years of professional experience
BA or BS, preferably in computer science, engineering or science / technology-based discipline
Field and dispatch technical support requests.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Chemical, Electrical, Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering, Physics or related field.
1+ years' experience designing, implementing debugging and testing computer code (C++ preferred).
Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving & complexity analysis.
Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++, Java, or Perl (C++ preferred).
Debugging techniques in Linux and Windows environments.
Practical use of software configuration management techniques and tools (Subversion preferred).
Practical use of unit test frameworks (googletest preferred).
Practical use of code quality tools (static code analysis, memory checking, profiling).
Strong analytic and problem-solving skills; ability to self-prioritize tasks and manage multiple competing priorities.
Ability to self-manage/adapt in a fast paced, high demand environment with changing priorities and direction.
Effectively communicate technically complex information verbally, orally and graphically.
Effectively collaborate with technical and non-technical staff members.
Practical use of: GUI toolkits (Qt preferred) and design patterns.
Demonstrated use of: formal test design methods and continuous integration systems.
3+ years experience using agile software development methods (Scrum and Kanban preferred).
3+ years building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.
3+ years direct experience in one or more of these technical areas: Computational Fluid Dynamics, Heat Transfer/Thermal Analysis, Electro-Optic Sensor Modeling, Numerical Methods, High-performance Computing, Scientific Visualization.
Hands-on experience in system design, development and operation in JAVA/PHP/Ruby 
Basic knowledge of web technologies (HTML / JavaScript / CSS) 
Unix operation experience
Experience working on a distributed team
Scrum& Agile development experience
Requires experience with relational and non-relational, as well as distributed databases.
Works with leadership as well as functional and technical subject matter experts to build a holistic view of the organizations database strategy, processes, information, and technology
Determines gaps and misalignments between the Enterprise strategy and its processes, information and technology
Links the organizations Operational Strategy and processes to its Data strategy, Cyber strategy and IT strategy. Documents this using multiple architectural models that illustrate how the organization can realize those strategies in an efficient, sustainable, agile, and adaptable manner
Drives common approaches and exposes information assets and processes across the enterprise
Develops architectural products and deliverables for the enterprise and operational business lines
Advises leadership in matters of feasibility and risks of potential future projects
Collaborates with the functional community to develop high level architecture solutions to fill enterprise-wide capability gaps
Provide subject matter expertise to high level decision makers on architecture issues and solutions
Develop or lead the development of architecture artifacts to support those technical solutions
Collaborate with user community representatives, government personnel, other Architects and Enterprise Engineers to develop technical solutions&lt;/DIV&gt;
Ability to become proficient in the daily operations at Oriental Trading Company
knowledge of application development/maintenance for on-line and batch programming.
Knowledge of Subversion or other source control software
Familiarity with API calls
Understanding of System Analysis, Design, and System Integration
Knowledge of at least one the following: Access, Structured Query Language, DB/2
Java EE Technologies (ranging from EJB to JSP), HTML, CSS and XML
Spring Framework and Visual Basic experience preferred
Relational DB design and work experience (Oracle 10g or higher)
NA
Experience with Linux (optional but preferred).
Property and Casualty Insurance knowledge preferred.
Medical, Dental & Vision (Day 1 coverage)
401(k) with Company Match
Pension Plan
Generous Time Off Benefits
Relocation Program
Employee Wellness Program (Health & Fitness)
Perks at Work Program (company discounts on travel, entertainment, electronics and apparel)
Paid Holidays
Company-Paid Disability and Life Insurance
Tuition Reimbursement Programs
Flexible Spending Accounts for Health & Dependent Care
​Incentive (Bonus) Plan
Casual Dress Code
All positions are entry level management roles
Some positions are at our technical centers in Cincinnati, Ohio and will require travel to vendor and manufacturing locations. There are also a number of Engineering positions starting at manufacturing plants across North America.
Procter & Gamble generally seeks to hire individuals that are in good standing at their university and/or field of study, this typically means people with an overall G.P.A. of 2.75 or above on a 4.0 scale.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor.
Immigration sponsorship is not available for this position. Applicants for U.S. based positions are generally required to be eligible to work in the U.S. without the need for current or future sponsorship. Except in rare situations based on Procter & Gambles sole discretion. Procter &amp; Gamble does not sponsor candidates for permanent residency. Any exceptions would be based on the Company&#039;s specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual.
Collaborate with Unity R&D across the globe on core engine improvements and requirements related to the advancement of Windows, Mac, Linux and WebGL development.
Performance optimization engineering efforts to enable developers to ship the best games possible.
4-5 years experience
Computer Science degree or equivalent experience
Strong system level C++/C skills
Cross-platform development experience
Windows programming experience
Strong initiative and ability to work independently
Excellent communication skills
Methodical and investigative disposition
Performance-minded development
Mac/Linux/WebGL experience
DirectX/Metal development experience
C# development experience
Experience using Unitys engine and tools
Understand metrics, monitoring and alerting as they relate to the code you create and the creation of reliable systems
Experience with the fundamentals of distributed systems
Comfortable with concurrent data structures and parallel programming
A competitive full-time salary and stock options - we want you to be excited to be a part of a startup, not starve
Fully paid health care, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents
Paid holidays/open vacation policy, 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Flexible work schedule
Commuter Benefits
A pretty awesome wellness benefit
On-site Yoga classes
Really good food and coffee (its Portland, right?)
Bottomless kombucha
Located in the Pearl District (click the link, its worth it)
Demonstrated teamwork skills with a solid analytical background
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation, and facilitation skills
Object Oriented Programming
Java Enterprise Edition
Spring Framework
Relational Database and SQL Programming, prefer MySQL
ElasticSearch or equivalent
AWS Services, such as SQS, S3 and SNS
Docker or container-oriented technologies
REST API and Micro-services Architecture
Linux Fundamental
CI / CD
XML and JSON
Quality Assurance Mindset
Duties are typically performed in an office setting.
	The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear.
The employee is frequently required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Collaborate with product management, UX designers, and stakeholders to design and engineer products.
Work on the frontend and backend code to develop new features from start to finish, which includes designing architecture, developing, testing, deploying, and monitoring of the features.
Iterate on improvements, while paying particular attention to quality, maintainability, scalability, and performance.
Computer Science/Engineering degree or equivalent experience.
2+ years of software engineering experience.
Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and software design patterns.
Experience in full-stack development in a Linux environment.
Experience in building highly scalable, micro-services architecture in distributed cloud environments.
Willingness to work collaboratively and share knowledge with the team, company, and wider external community.
Strong work ethic and ability to flourish with minimal guidance.
Youll help build the core of the Token platform and scale it to millions of users in the years to come!
Your contributions will be key as you work closely with the sales and engineering team.
You love technologies like Java, gRPC, Protobufs, RxJava, JOOQ, Dagger2, Kubernetes, MariaDB because its what you dream about at night!
Youll get to travel internationally and work closely with our UK sales team.
You love bantering and talking about architecture with your co-workers and not afraid to share new ideas or challenge each other.
You have a spidey sense of when things need to be implemented. 
Youre building new product, tackling problems that have never been solved before.
You can work on your on, but working with a team gives you a buzz as you love collaborating.
When it comes time to code you know coding like the back of your hand
BS degree in CS or relevant experience
3+ years of development experience
Strong cryptography knowledge is a plus
Working experience in distributed backend systems and API design
These are the technologies we use - Java, gRPC, Protobufs, RxJava, JOOQ, Dagger2, Gradle, Kubernetes, MariaDB and if you know any of them its a PLUS!
Located in the heart of SF downtown on Market, we have a spacious, hip office close to Bart and a short walk from CalTrain. We offer full benefits such as Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, Life insurance, FSA, HSA. Lunches and Happy Hours, flexible work hours and FUN team outings!
BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related field. Advanced technical degree and/or related training a plus
8-10 years of development experience
Proven ability to work collaboratively and independently to design, develop and deploy solutions
Experience in realizing applications from conception and design, to implementation and support
Experience designing and implementing applications with highly optimized and scalable architectures
Strong Java and/or .NET skills and object-oriented design experience, including extensive knowledge of the Java web technology platform, applied use of design patterns, and MVC technologies such as AngularJS or ReactJS.
Experience delivering software with Amazon Web Services technologies
Strong understanding of industry development, deployment processes and agile development methodologies desired.
Knowledge of session management, object relational mapping, XML web services is a plus.
Experience with SiteMinder, PingFederate or Cognito is a plus.
Experience with DataPower is a plus.
Whiteboarding, estimating, and designing new features
 Doing code reviews and submitting pull requests
 Supporting sales and client success teams
 Tinkering with new and interesting technologies
Have experience building and scaling complex web applications
 Are proficient in Ruby, Rails, Javascript, jQuery, CSS, HTML, MySQL
 Are comfortable working in UNIX environments
 Enjoy the idea of deploying production code on your first day
 Are passionate about user experience
 Understand the value of testing and continuous integration
 Are comfortable with Git and GitHub
 Have a Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience
Application: Ruby on Rails, jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS
 Database: Redis, MySQL
 Automation: Puppet, Chef, Capistrano, Packer
 Infrastructure: AWS-backed (EC2, S3, RDS, OpsWorks, CloudWatch, Route53), OpenStack
Plays a critical role in the company's success
 Is comfortable open sourcing projects
 Learns from others with an open mind
 Enjoys helping others and sharing knowledge
 Is passionate about the things they do both inside and outside of work
 Loves building things with technology
 Has a strong desire to learn
Office located in Atlanta Tech Village, where members enjoy amenities including a fitness room, game rooms, nap rooms, free coffee and snacks, and access to exclusive workshops and events
 Catered lunches on Mondays and Fridays
 Unlimited vacation
 Flexibility to work remotely
 Casual dress code
 $2,500 stipend for each employee to spend on professional development
 Paid paternity and maternity leave
 Health, Dental, Vision fully covered for employees
 401K with company match
 2 time Atlanta Business Chronicle's “Best Places to Work? honoree
Be genuine
 Do the right thing
 Own your work
 Win as a team
 Improve every day
 Use resources wisely
&lt;b&gt;DO178C Software Development&lt;/b&gt;
Software Test Case and Procedure Updates/Development
Software Test Execution
Software Test Report Preparation
Reviews and Analysis
 Has worked in a data sensitive environment, preferably healthcare domain acting under security and compliance practices.
 Is engaged, driven, and determined to responsibly deliver high quality work and bring innovative ideas to the organization.
 Proficient with Microsoft .NET technologies (specifically C#), SQL Server, Visual Studio.
 Strong experience developing Console, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), and ASP.NET applications.
 Experience with SSIS/SSRS, data security, and encryption (at rest, in transit).
 Experience with Web Services, SOAP, REST, WCF.
 Experience with XML, HTML, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, MVC, and Entity Framework.
 Analyst, having strong experience with eliciting requirements and providing technical solutions.
 Solid understanding of object oriented programming and relational database design and development.
 Experience with a repository or version control software.
Ability to exercise creativity, judgment, and leadership capabilities in interpreting and solving complex problems
Ability to multitask effectively with accurate results
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with internal and external customers
Must have and maintain an active SECRET Clearance
Must be eligible for IT Level II designation under DoD Directive 8570.01M or its successor.
A Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in one of the following fields of study: Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineer, Electronics Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Physics;
2-5 years of related software development experience.
Preferred Languages and Frameworks: Spring (Dependency Injection, Security, MVC) RESTful and SOAP Web Services, Node.js/npm, Ionic, Cordova, JSF, Facelets, JQuery.
Preferred Software and IDEs: Subversion, Git, Jira, SQL/Oracle.
Experience maintaining legacy code.
Experience implementing design patterns and best practices.
Experience with unit testing frameworks and knowledge of unit testing patterns and data management.
Experience on large teams.
Experience with formal software process.
Independently curious.
Other duties as assigned.
- C# Development skills from schooling-
SQL Experience as well as SSRS
-Bachelors Degree in Computer Engineering
Communication
- Work Ethic; they are looking for someone that wants to learn and pick up new things.
- Go getter; someone that will go out of their way to pick up new things and can pick them up quickly
Work with a team of staging engineers and field personnel to test customer systems.
Provide &#034;hands-on&#034; support for systems testing and troubleshooting.
Serve as a catalyst for the resolution of product and system problems and communicate issues quickly and accurately to the staging engineers. &lt;br/&gt;About Aerotek:&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Our people are everything. As a Best of Staffing® Client and Talent leader, Aerotek® Inc. has distinguished itself as a leader in recruiting and staffing services, by having a deep understanding of the intersection of talent and business. As a strategic partner to more than 17,000 clients and 300,000 contract employees every year, Aeroteks people-focused approach yields competitive advantages for its clients and rewarding careers for its contract employees. Headquartered in Hanover, Md., Aerotek operates a network of over 230 non-franchised offices with more than 6,000 internal employees dedicated to serving our customers. Aerotek is an operating company of Allegis Group, a global talent solutions provider. To learn more, visit aerotek.com.&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;strong&gt;About Aerotek:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;strong&gt;We know that a company&#039;s success starts with its employees. We also know that an individual&#039;s success starts with the right career opportunity. As a Best of Staffing® Client and Talent leader, Aerotek&#039;s people-focused approach yields competitive advantage for our clients and rewarding careers for our contract employees. Since 1983, Aerotek has grown to become a leader in recruiting and staffing services. With more than 250 non-franchised offices, Aerotek&#039;s 8,000 internal employees serve more than 300,000 contract employees and 18,000 clients every year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions. Learn more at Aerotek.com.&lt;/strong&gt;
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field (or equivalent experience).
3+ years experience designing and building high-quality systems to handle complex data sets and writing APIs to make those systems accessible.
3+ years writing production-quality code using Python and Postgres (or similar languages and technologies).
This position is in Seattle and is not open for people who wish to work remotely. Visa sponsorship is not available.
A passion for the health and wellness space.
High standards for yourself and your team.
Proven success in delivering web apps, products, and services in a high growth, startup environment.
Ability to exercise good judgment and work autonomously to deliver solutions to actual business problems.
Experience using our current client stack (Python/React/Redux).
Challenging and fulfilling work in a positive, optimistic results-oriented work environment
Competitive wages plus monthly gain-sharing bonuses based on revenue growth
Group health insurance plus health savings account, retirement savings plan, commuter benefits, paid time off
Paid educational and professional development training
Attractive and comfortable loft office with large windows and lots of natural light
Coffee and snacks for energy
Open beer tap in the afternoons
A nap room to revitalize
2002 - first ever ecommerce HVAC store
2003 - first HVAC online shopping configurator
2004 - first national HVAC referral network of installing contractors
2005 - first of its kind automated performance based pay system for phone sales
2011 - first and only online HVAC operating cost calculator
2013 - first and only HVAC photo-to-quote app
2014 - filed patent for better way to assist customers with sales & service needs
2015 - first eCommerce bundling of local services + products: EasyHVAC.com
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Advanced knowledge of Excel
Detail Oriented
Familiarity with large data sets
Desire to learn about Telecommunications engineering
Excellent programming skills in Java or similar language
Experience with scripting languages and SQL
Analytical problem solving skills
Experience building large-scale high-performance systems
Startup experience
Payments or risk experience
Machine learning or related knowledge
B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or other technical field
Alternatively, an excellent open-source contribution history (highlight in application)
Java, Python, Cassandra, MySQL, Solr, Apache Spark, Play! framework, Linux, Docker, AWS
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Oral and written communication skills with good vocabulary, good grammar and the ability to independently compose routine written communications
Ability to prepare accurate, effective, complete and easily understood written communications and reports
Ability to work in a team environment and willingness to assume additional or new responsibilities readily
Ability to maintain regular attendance as per work schedule agreed with manager (may require working an adjusted work schedule based on project assigned and work overtime if warranted)
Willingness to comply with applicable laws and regulations, the Company's Code of Business Conduct and other Company policies and procedures
Work typically carried out in an office environment
While performing the duties of this job, is regularly required to sit, use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear
Is occasionally required to stand, walk and stoop, kneel, or crouch
Must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, and ability to adjust focus
May need to drive, walk, climb stairs or ladders, and wear personal protective equipment (hard hat, protective foot gear, eye protection, other site-specific equipment)
Travel to client's office, plant or site may be required
Youve got a B.S. in Comp Sci or equivalent education or experience
You have expertise in Java and the Java technology ecosystem
Youre a student of software craftsmanship, always looking for new and better ways to build things
You have experience building web services
You understand network protocols, HTTP, and REST
Youre familiar with relational and non-relational database systems
You have experience with test automation patterns and frameworks
You know SIP and have built SIP applications before
You have experience with AWS or another cloud platform, and you get how scalable cloud applications are engineered
You have worked with Docker containers and Kubernetes
Youre guaranteed to be given work that matters. If you aint feelin that, let us know. Well fix it.
Twice a year you can take a sprint sabbatical - 2 weeks to work on a project of your choosing, so long as you learn something along the way.
Your health insurance premiums are 100% paid by Bandwidth. So are your dental insurance premiums. So are your life insurance premiums. Its pretty nice.
When youre on vacation, nobody is allowed to contact you. No calls, texts, emails Enjoy your time off.
We provide you with a gym membership, a lunchtime shuttle to the gym, and give you 90 minutes for lunch if you work out.
Not enough time to hit the gym? Theres a locker room and cardio equipment on the second floor.
Experience with source management and CI tools like Git, Maven, Bamboo, Jenkins
Prior experience using data structures like Maps (hashmap), list (Arraylist and linked list), queues.
Design patterns like builder pattern
Experience with Cucumber with Java
Knowledge of Bash/shell scripting
Preferred knowledge of working on cloud solutions (AWS) and Ansible
&lt;em&gt;The widest range of global benchmark futures and options available across all major asset classes;&lt;/em&gt;
&lt;em&gt;The most advanced trading technology;&lt;/em&gt;
&lt;em&gt;Industry-leading clearing and risk management capabilities;&lt;/em&gt; 
&lt;em&gt;A relentless customer focus, serving leading investment and commercial banks, hedge funds, proprietary trading firms, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, asset managers, corporations and individual traders; and,&lt;/em&gt;
&lt;em&gt;A great place to work.&lt;/em&gt;
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
U.S. Citizenship Required
Bachelor of Science in Computer Software Engineering, or related field.
Intermediate skills in Microsoft Office Suite
Experience with systems programming languages (C++, Java, Python)
Experience with web technologies including database technologies (REST)
Experience with graphics technologies (OpenGL)
Experience with Linux and Windows
Experience with version control systems
Experience in Q&A and Test
Experience in electrical engineering and hardware
Experience in systems engineering
	Develop Angular Controllers for various business workflows. Design and  develop responsive Web and Mobile compatible user interfaces using HTML, CSS and &lt;br/&gt;Bootstrap.
Develop single page applications (SPAs) to deliver consistent and responsive  user experience.
 Participate in daily Scrum meetings and Sprint planning meetings.
Work with the backend development team to study limits on API services and responses.
Integrate various developer versions of source code and ensure the merged version is free of bugs and malfunctions.
 Using GitLab and Perforce to record code versions. Conduct  frequent knowledge transfer sessions to the other team members.
 Perform code reviews of other team members. Provide technical support for testing and debugging activities.
Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience
Experience building web applications, using combinations of Javascript, HTML, PHP, Python, Java
Strong SQL skills
API integration and/or development experience
Healthcare experience
Experience working with CI/CD using Jenkins
Experience working with GIT for version control and content deployment
Knowledge of Mulesoft and building integrations with Salesforce
Prior experience integrating with backend systems
Practical knowledge of XML and Web Services (REST, SOAP)
Some knowledge of *NIX shell skills
Experience in Agile environments and methodologies
Ability to work independently yet fully integrate with worldwide, remote teams.
Can-do attitude with a focus on problem solving, product quality, and a strong desire to get the job done.
Working knowledge/expertise in the abuse domain.
Previous data mining/machine learning experience is a plus.
Familiarity with Apache Zookeeper, Apache Kafka.
A get-it-done attitude
The ability to work in a team setting
Passion for coding
A background in computer science or computer engineering
Desired X-Midas experience.
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the companys Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRCs ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the companys 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the companys 401(k) Plan
Good knowledge of AWS, lambda functions
Good knowledge of git, jenkins
Experience with Agile design and release methodologies
Past BI experience
Provide product support for Web Viewpoint and its plug-ins: Pathway, Event Analyzer and Storage Analyzer, WASAP.
Revamp Web Viewpoint product using new Front end framework (AngularJS, HTML5, SASS, CSS3) with an improved User Interface.
Handle release of Web Viewpoint (Hewlett Packard Product), a web based operation management and performance monitoring tool for HPs NonStop Servers (HTML, CSS, C, JAVA, JavaScript) and evaluate enhancement requests.
Perform Unit testing on every bug being fixed.
Requires Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering or related & 2 years’ experience
Must be willing to travel and/or relocate to work in unanticipated locations throughout the US. No telecommuting.
Implements business projects on time and with high quality
Follows standard development lifecycle
Produces artifacts using UML wherever possible
Writes and comments code to standards, implementing best practices, and ensure others adhere to these standards
Analyzes requirements for completeness
Develops design documents based on business requirements
Works well with team members
Delivers project plans to Development Manager
Reports status to Development Manager
3+ years development experience in Java and Object Oriented Programming
2+ years in Java, JSP, J2EE, SQL, VXML, Web-services environment using Cisco CVP Call Studio
2+ years XML, XSL, XML Beans
Experience integrating Cisco CVP applications with WebServices
Knowledge of auto or homeowner Insurance industry and data elements (preferred)
Strong MS SQL Server
Familiarity with Eclipse, Maven, Subversion
Familiarity with Apache, Tomcat, JBoss, Struts and Web Services
Familiarity with test driven development
Experience working in Agile methodology
Strong understanding of software development process
Focus on teamwork; able to collaborate with Business and QA staff on projects
Must be able to perform under tight timeframes & execute problem-solving skills
Good analysis and design skills, yet able to complete projects and tasks in a timely manner
Excellent communication skills, including documentation: UML experience strongly desired
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent education required, a Master&#039;s degree is preferred.
3 or more years of experience in software development required which includes experience with Eclipse & web
Hands-on experience with PC operations preferred
High School Diploma or GED
Highly motivated to take advantage of and seek out opportunities to learn
Outgoing, team oriented and goal driven
Professional, strong work ethic
Work with fast-paced development team in designing and implementing our next generation, hybrid-cloud file sharing solution.
Research and leverage latest cloud and distributed systems technologies to develop frameworks that improves performance and scale for file sharing between cloud and on-premise.
Develop software in a micro-services architectural framework.
Leverage big data analytics to drive product design, usage and adoption.
Mentor interns and junior engineers, collaborate with Operations, and work closely with Products team on roadmap items.
End-to-end experience in design and development of highly-scalable enterprise and cloud data products.
Ability to challenge and redefine existing architectural fundamentals in order to provide next level of performance and scalability; ability to foresee post-deployment challenges.
Hands-on experience with clustered systems, advanced file systems, highly scalable databases, geographic replication and highly available systems.
Ability to work with multi-cultural, globally distributed teams to a common unifying product vision and closely coordinate with cross-functional teams in different time-zones.
Passion to deliver enterprise-grade products to customers and to continuously work with engineering team to refine the product in the field.
Solid knowledge of C/C++, Python, Java, SQL and modern programming languages.
5+ years of Development experience with .Net, C#, and Java
Able to create elegant, efficient and testable code
Experience with distributed computing and performance analysis
Experience with Linux, JavaScript, Web Services, HTML5, CSS, SQL & NOSQL
Education Requirement: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of additional SSWE or equivalent experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
At least Four (4) years of experience as a SSWE or equivalent on a project with a focus on Radio Frequency (RF) to include experience with Fourier transforms, filtering, communications theory, digital modulation, error control coding, signals analysis tools (e.g. WVT, DVT), and digital signal processing (e.g. adaptive beamforming/filtering, demodulation).
Additional Experience Preferred
Communicating in an organized and knowledgeable manner in written and verbal formats including delivering clear requests for information and communicating potential conflicts.
Conducting quantitative and qualitative analyses of large and complex data.
Leading a key workstream in an engagement(s), staying educated on current trends and assisting in the development of knowledge capital.
Collaborating with business development teams responsible for writing and presenting proposals to prospective clients.
Supporting practice management for a specific operation or process.
Managing and/or contributing to project planning, engagement administration, budget management, and successful completion of engagement workstream(s).
Collaborate closely with the product team to build new features and infrastructure
Support top programming practices and standards
Design and implement back end and front end components and services
Gauge new technologies and create prototypes for constant improvements
Develop high quality production-ready code in an agile environment
Refine solutions which account for scalability and optimize performance
BS or MS in Computer Science, or Bioinformatics with 2+ years experience;
Exceptional ability with: Node.js, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, SQL, PL/SQL, User Interface Design, building PDF Documents, building Reports and Dashboards;
Proficient in scientific Python or another major scripting language (Ruby, Perl);
Fluency with Linux, high-performance computing clusters, shell scripting, databases, and analysis pipelines. Bonus for background in cloud computing architecture;
Experience with (or eagerness to learn) modern NGS tools;
Previous experience in regulated clinical environment with rigorous design control and software validation a big plus
Experience with relational databases(Microsoft SQL, MySQL, Postgres)
Experience in web interface and interactive web design. 
Seven (7) years' experience as a SWE, in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of additional SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
have 3+ years development experience, majority of it using Ruby/Rails and/or React
are familiar with a range of modern data stores (Postgres, Redis, ElasticSearch)
write clear, self-documenting code, and seek out best practices
are aware of performance trade-offs and write efficient, scalable code
are serious (but pragmatic) about TDD, and refactor aggressively
can work as a full-stack developer, though you may prefer frontend/backend
think independently and love sharing your own technical solutions with others
are a Sequoia Capital-backed, post-series A startup co-founded by two women
strive daily to transform the fashion industry, from working with existing top brands to creating our own private label collections from the ground up
have styled countless amazing women across the country in the past three yearsthey are at the core of all that we do
foster a culture of autonomy and accountabilityyour contributions make a big difference
have an office that is buzzing with excitementwe are genuinely happy to be at work each day
celebrate each others individuality and unique skill sets
create good karma by aiming to surprise and delight at every touchpoint
competitive salaries, flexible vacation policy and top quality medical, dental, and vision plans
a leadership team that embraces technology, creativity, and initiative
great snacks, Bagel Wednesdays, office happy hours and a fun office environment!
located in Hudson Square (the heart of Tribeca, SoHo and West Village) or in LA (Culver City WeWork)
Demonstrate ability to work within a scrum team to solve problems, advise, influence and guide the development of technical solutions. &lt;br/&gt;DESIRED SKILLS
Demonstrated experience in Java/J2EE components such as HTML, CSS, JSP, Servlets, Struts/Spring, AJAX, JSON, Design Patterns and JavaScript
Demonstrate ability to write Maven builds and deployment scripts to package and deploy on JBoss application servers
Linux command line administration
Conduct multiple levels of testing including unit, system, integration and performance
Proficient with database query tools and Structured Query Language
BS degree in Computer Science / Engineering, Information Technology or a related field &lt;br/&gt;PLEASE NOTE
TechFlow is an equal opportunity employer (Minority / Female / Disability / Vets)
Eligibility requirement: U.S. Citizenship.
Intermediate-advanced SQL (NoSQL experience a plus)
Proficient in at least one general purpose programming language and one scripting language
Economics, statistics, math, computer science or other technical degree
Eager to learn new systems and technologies
Leading healthcare data analytics/big data company
Work on a team of talented and pragmatic engineers/researchers
Great mentorship and growth opportunities
Strong technical knowledge of C/C++ with the ability to implement, build and run applications on UNIX/Linux
Experience in both UNIX/Linux and Windows environments
Technical knowledge of one or more scripting languages (IE: PERL, Bash, C-Shell, etc.)
Experience with one or more Version Control tools (IE: CVS, Subversion, Git, etc.)
Strong problem detection, troubleshooting skills and analytical abilities
Experience with SQL
Technical knowledge of TCP/IP programming and inter-process communication is a plus
Experience with one or more configuration management tools (IE: Ansible, Chef, etc.) is a plus
Bachelors degree in science and/or engineering
1 to 2 years of experience in software development with C/C++
1 to 2 years of experience with one or more flavors of UNIX/Linux
Exposure to the financial industry is a plus
Hands-on experience with PC operations preferred
High School Diploma or GED
Highly motivated to take advantage of and seek out opportunities to learn
Outgoing, team oriented and goal driven
Professional, strong work ethic
Experience working with Java and C++ to creates design documents that ensure consistency in development across the Payments System. Experience with Payment Systems is a plus not a must.
Participates in the definition of software architecture to ensure that the software solutions are built within a consistent framework and aligned to strategy.
Implements activities that generally impact multiple components / processes and the work of own and possibly other teams.
Assigned complex undertakings that regularly require the application of independent judgment.
Receives work in short and mid- term outcomes and operates within the context of approved methods.
Implements and improves core software infrastructure. Participates in improving software development lifecycle, technical operations and technology innovation.
Participates in developing technical / business approaches and new or enhanced technical tools.
Shares complex information related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology / business solutions. .
Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur.
Masters Degree in Computer Science, Information technology, Engineering, Science, or Math.
Experience in domain-specific Architecture.
Minimum of an M.S. or Ph.D. degree in Engineering, Computer Science (or closely related field) with at least 2 years of experience.
Strong record of successful project execution and team work skills are required.
The candidate must have strong analytical and problem solving capabilities.
Programming experience in C, C++, MATLAB, and/or Simulink is required.
Strong verbal and written communication skills are desired.
An active secret clearance is required, a TS/SCI clearance preferred.
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Civil or Environmental Engineering by December 2018 required
Minimum of a 2.75 GPA required
Previous engineering experience (intern or co-op) required
Previous wastewater experience would be preferred
Civil 3D experience preferred
BioWin or GPSX Software experience preferred
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively in written, graphical, and verbal formats
Successful completion of FE exam preferred
This position requires you to have authorization to work in the United States for any employer. We will not provide sponsorship for this position.
&lt;b&gt;What You Will Do: &lt;/b&gt;Build systems that monitor, detect, and alert on anomalies and bad behavior on Yelp's production and corporate systems; Partner with all other engineering and product teams to help develop new features securely while protecting our users’ privacy and data.
&lt;b&gt;What We Are Looking For: &lt;/b&gt;Enthusiasm for finding exploits and vulnerabilities in any internet-connected system; Expertise in your favorite modern programming language: Python, Ruby, Java, Objective-C, or C++.
Entry level position
Strong understanding of different computer languages (Java, C++, Oracle, etc.) that can be used in application development for financial based technology environment / applications.
Understanding client requirements and how they translate to new application features.
Collaborating with development team and other IT peers to set specifications for new applications.
Writing high-quality code to program complete applications on schedule.
The ability to work within teams, designing & development, testing &amp; debug, and implementation of applications.
Write high quality source code top program complete applications.
Perform Unit and Integration testing before implementation.
Conduct Functional and Non Functional testing.
Troubleshoot and debug applications
Evaluate existing applications to reprogram, update and add new features.
Develop Technical Documents and guides to accurately represent application design and code.
Understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle Methodology, with specific focus on an Agile or Scrum methodology.
Awareness of being individually affected on the Autism Spectrum (ASD) to some capacity.
Proven experience (education and professional) as an application developer.
Experience designing and building applications.
Ability to program in at least one programming language such as C, Java (Preferred), etc.
In Depth Knowledge of programing for diverse operating systems and platforms using development tools.
A team player with good communication skills
Analytical thinking and problem-solving capability
Great attention to detail and time-management skills
BSc/BA in computer science or relevant field (not required, but a plus)
Bachelor of Science degree in computer science, or related field from a four-year accredited university
At least 4 years software development experience. We work in a variety of languages including Elixir, Python and NodeJS. We are looking for well rounded versatile software engineers.
At least 2 years experiences working with RDMS sys with Postgres (or other relational database system)
Support a healthy work-life balance
Have balanced on-call responsibilities (no extended 24hr periods)
Provide flexible working arrangements
Work as a unified team across groups of very talented people
Are pretty relaxed about most things
Don't really care what you wear (so long as you are clothed)
6+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications
BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience
Familiarity with several programming languages and in-depth experience in at least one. Were much more interested to know that you learn quickly, have high discipline in your work and are proficient in a variety of languages and tools.
Solid communication skills: Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences, which will enable clients and teammates make good, thoughtful decisions.
Experience with unit testing & Test Driven Development (TDD)
Fortunes Worlds Most Admired Companies (#6)
Fortunes 40 Best Workplaces In Technology (#7)
Fortunes 100 Best Workplaces for Women (#9)
Fortunes 100 Best Companies to work for (#13)
Fortunes 100 Workplaces for Diversity (#21)
Anita B.Orgs Top Companies For Women In Tech (Top 25)
CIOs Ten Best Places to Work for Women in Technology (#2)
Glassdoors 2018 Best Places To Work (#30)
Comparably 2017 Best Companies For Women
Comparably 2017 Best Companies For Diversity
Comparably 2017 Best Company Culture
Comparably 2017 Best Compensation
Comparably 2017 Best Company Managers
Comparably 2017 Best CEOs (#3)
Comparably 2017 Best Company Leadership
Comparably 2017 Best Perks & Benefits
Best Workplaces in Canada for Women
Best Companies To Work For In India (#1)
Women 2.0
12 Inspiring Female Architects In Software & Data
12 Inspiring Female STAFF Engineers To Watch For In 2018
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret engineering specifications, general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, specifications, business correspondence, test plans / protocols and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Ability to clearly and concisely convey project accomplishments, obstacles, issues, and status to project team members.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to use basic engineering tools to perform calculations and simulations and interpret project results/data.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. Ability to read technical and clinical literature and documents and extract important concepts.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be required to perform lifting tasks of up to 10 pounds for short durations. The employee will be required to use a computer for up to 8 hours consecutively Duties of this job may involve standing and/or walking for extended periods of time. Duties also involve daily keyboard data entry. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and color vision.
Streaming technologies such as Kafka or Kinesis.
Machine learning or Natural Language Processing (NLP) technologies.
Creating efficient algorithms and mathematical solutions to build performant features.
Experience with ETL data flow frameworks such as Apache Nifi, Spring XD, Mule or similar integration frameworks.
Strong experience with data modeling.
Unlimited paid vacation
Flexible work hours
Kitchen stocked with snacks, drinks, a kegerator and more!
Casual, dog-friendly, open-layout workspace
Company subsidized Health Insurance, and 401(k) and commuter benefits
Competitive salary and stock options
Catered team lunches every other week
Mentorship opportunities
Regular team events and happy hours
Maternity/Paternity Leave
The ability to hold your own in architectural and design discussions with Engineers
A clear communication style that translates to both verbal and written discussions
A sense of humor about geeky TV shows and internet memes
Ability to weigh priorities and manage multiple simultaneous projects
&lt;em&gt;A solid technical base of Engineering fundamentals:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Ability to use common patterns to solve technical problems with code
Experience building and debugging complex applications
Understanding of how to leverage memory management and caching to improve performance
Understand database relational models and transactional processing
Know the difference between synchronous and asynchronous application models
Knowledge of how to measure and tune application performance
Ability to use different techniques to diagnose and fix software problems
Experience collaborating with other Engineers using version control (like Git)
&lt;em&gt;Other factors we look for (the more the merrier here): &lt;/em&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Experience in one of our core languages (C#, Node.js, React.js, or PHP)
Experience running services in both Linux and Windows environments
Ability to architect and manage distributed data environments
Knowledge of micro-service architectures (e.g. the Netflix OSS stack)
Experience using distributed caching, NoSQL data stores, and Big Data analytics tools
Web development experience that involved JavaScript, CSS, or Node.js
Experience building REST APIs with JSON messages
Ninja-like skills in working with OLTP databases&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Ability to read and optimize SQL query plans
Ability to read and write SQL stored procedures
Knowledge of networking protocols, infrastructure, etc.
Experience with performance monitoring tools and dashboards (e.g. StatsD, InfluxDB, Grafana, etc.)
Understanding of distributed messaging infrastructure (e.g. Kafka)
Excitement about introducing the team to new tools, languages, or concepts that will help make our team and our product better
Experience with test automation frameworks like Jenkins
&lt;p&gt;The #FutureOfWork is the Freelancer via @SkyeMoraghttps://t.co/CO2oSEqiNM&lt;/p&gt;Follow us.
&lt;p&gt;&#034;OneSpaces vibrant environment provides a motivating workplace where I can thrive.&#034;&lt;/p&gt;Elise Barry&lt;em&gt;Project Coordinator&lt;/em&gt;
Strong Java expertise with a proven record of creating commercial quality software for the web.
Experience in creating estimates for small to medium projects.
Outstanding problem solving skills.
Proven ability to create/contribute to robust commercial applications.
Exceptional time management skills.
Experience with core web technologies; specifically Java, J2EE, Java Servlets, Java Beans, JDBC, SQL, JSP, and IIS
Strong understanding of common delivery and communication technologies including HTTP, SSL, SMTP, UDP, TCP/IP
3+ years of software design and implementation experience. Preferably on the web.
Disciplined approach to software development. Includes adhering to and enforcing engineering best practices.
Outstanding written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Candidate will be judged on ability to work effectively with project teams. The position requires constant communication with colleagues.
Attention to detail and commitment to quality.
Strong Java expertise with a proven record of creating commercial quality software for the web.
Experience in creating estimates for small to medium projects.
Outstanding problem solving skills.
Proven ability to create/contribute to robust commercial applications.
Exceptional time management skills.
Experience with core web technologies; specifically Java, J2EE, Java Servlets, Java Beans, JDBC, SQL, JSP, and IIS
Strong understanding of common delivery and communication technologies including HTTP, SSL, SMTP, UDP, TCP/IP
3+ years of software design and implementation experience. Preferably on the web.
Disciplined approach to software development. Includes adhering to and enforcing engineering best practices.
Outstanding written, verbal, and interpersonal skills. Candidate will be judged on ability to work effectively with project teams. The position requires constant communication with colleagues.
Attention to detail and commitment to quality.
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Bachelors degree from an accredited college or university
In lieu of a degree, a high school diploma/equivalent with five or more years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered
Three or more years of experience with enterprise data management solutions and Microsoft SQL Server 2005-2016
Experience with highly available, high transaction volume databases
Understanding of Microsoft SQL Server best practices and industry trends
Experience with multiple database management systems developing persistence and reporting solutions for high-volume transactional applications.
Experience with ETL and reporting tools such as SSIS, SSRS, MS PowerBI, and Tableau
Experience with NoSQL technologies like Apache Hadoop, MongoDB, and Redis
Frequent sitting, standing and walking
C#, Objective-C, Java, Python (or others comparable)
Visual Studio, Xcode, Xamarin
SQL Server/Microsoft Access
ASP.NET MVC, CSS, HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery
GUI Development
Version Control - Microsoft Team Foundation Server/Service, Git
Web Services, SOAP, REST, XML
Serial and TCP/IP Communication
Windows Azure, AWS or Rackspace Cloud
Software/Hardware Interfacing
GUI Development
Linux/Ubuntu/Yocto
Firmware Programming in C, FreeRTOS
Statistical/Data Analysis
Be passionate about building products
Have 5+ years of experience working within a team on web applications (bonus points if it was a start-up)
Have an opinion on tools, techniques and what makes great code
Be an expert in Ruby on Rails
Competitive Salary
Equity Participation
Health Benefits
401K with matching
Flexible PTO
Stand-up desks
4 - 7 years experience designing and developing new or maintaining existing software applications in a software product development environment
Minimum proficiency required in one or more of the following: .Net and C#, SQL, JavaScript, ASP.NET, MVC. Familiarity with the Visual Studio IDE and the use of Microsoft TFS would be an advantage. Some familiarity with the following technologies is also preferred: Angular, JSON, GIT and some experience delivering solutions on mobile platforms
Experience working in a development environment that uses Agile/Scrum methodology is preferred
Demonstrable analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to independently work as a contributing member in a high-paced and focused team
Strong communication skills with both verbal and written communication skills
Self-motivated and able to work under pressure to deliver high-quality solutions and receive constructive feedback.
Bachelors Degree in a related technical field, or equivalent work experience
Angular (4.0) 
 Java o CSS, SASS, LESS 
Spring Framework: Boot, Data, MVC 
 Relational Database knowledge, SQL and ORM (JPA, Hibernate)
 AWS Cloud Experience 
 Unix 
 Strong Communication 
 Analytical/Detail Oriented 
 Assertiveness 
 Decision Making 
 Customer Focused
 Positivity 
 Collaborative 
Medical,vision/ dental and life insurance plans
401(k) plan 
Paid holidays
Personal Paid Time Off
Experience with statistical analysis or Big Data desired
Retail/Supply Chain experience desired
Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science or Engineering
BS/MS in computer science or related technical fields
Build products that genuinely affect the way people find a quality place to live
Work on initiatives that are among the highest priorities for Zillow Group
Collaborate with multiple teams across all of our consumer brands
Have a clear path to grow your career
Have your ideas thoughtfully considered and potentially make it into a product
Use modern front end development practices
Our front end stack (what you will be building) is ES6, React, and Node
Our back end stack (the web APIs you will use) is Java 8
Front end and back end engineers work side by side
We have product managers, but everyone is expected to contribute their own ideas and understand the business
We deploy multiple times a day.
We follow a lightweight lean/Kanban methodology
Comfortable and confident when it comes to setting technical direction, performing code reviews, answering questions, and guiding more junior engineers
Can empathize with the many different types of people who use Zillow Group's products
Ideally have 5+ years of experience or its equivalence in a software engineering role
Enjoy building UIs with modern tools like ES6, React, Redux, and Webpack
Have the ability to solve complex problems with practical, maintainable, and scalable solutions
Care about quality and testing
Have self-¬awareness and a dream to continually improve
Use large data sets to optimize business logistics and operations.
Create internally / externally facing applications and tools
Design software to scale the business efficiently
Strong coding fundamentals with a passion for software design.
Expert knowledge of MVC applications
Database Design
Computer Science / Engineering background
Familiarity with Linux environment is a bonus
3+ years of experience in Software Development role
Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance
401k
Orca card
Paid Time Off
Monthly catered lunches and happy hours
Team outings
Continuous improvement and department level project ownership
Collaboration with managers and teams across MathWorks to ensure that engineers in the Leadership Development program are gaining the skills for long term success at MathWorks &lt;br/&gt;• Provide ongoing coaching on career advancement opportunities for the growth and development of entry level engineers. i.e. recent grads with PhD, MS, or BS degree in Engineering or Computer Science.
Manage a Technical Support team such that they meet and exceed customer expectations and achieve continuous improvement of service levels
Provide coaching and guidance on customer case management, response time, and teamwork in providing technical support to our customers
Contribute to the growth of the team through continuous interviewing and hiring of qualified engineers throughout the year
Collaborate with our software development teams on customer issues
Establish and evolve effective business goals, strategies and processes
Develop procedures, proposals, plans, and guidelines and initiate their implementation
BS or MS degree (Engineering/Computer Science degree required)
2-5 years managerial experience (software company preferred)
Customer facing experience (technical support, customer, application engineering)
Effective leadership and coaching skills: ability to guide, motivate, and inspire others
Excellent communication skills--written/verbal, keeps others informed, involves the right people in decision making, is proactive and displays strong initiative
Has the ability to envision processes and procedures to address working dynamics within the group
Prior experience with Knowledge Management and Web Technical Support initiatives
Experience with international Technical Support collaboration
A bachelors degree and 7 years of professional work experience is required. 2 years management experience is required.
An Agile/Lean maven - TDD/BDD, Continuous integration, MVP, etc. are your bread and butter
Constantly improving your craft
Up on, if not creating, the latest tech hotness
A natural polyglot, lover of all kinds of programming, you especially love Ruby
Full of ideas you are ready to pitch and see come true
An aficionado of all things web
Fun
Develop web, multimedia, and mobile applications including planning, coding, testing, debugging, and deploying in an Agile team environment with an emphasis on TDD/BDD
Maintain, modify, and update web and backend applications
Design and create engineering specs, prototypes, and features for web-based applications
Collaborate with developers, product managers and other participants in the development of solutions
Gather requirements and development specs
Provide technical assistance
Assist in continuous process improvement
Develop products and services, build and maintain software in support of all of Hedgeye's digital media offerings including web, mobile, video and audio
Experience with web development in Ruby on Rails, (Ruby, Javascript, Javascript/AJAX libraries expertise implicit)
Strong knowledge of internet protocols and applications
Commitment to continuously improve software craftsmanship
Experience and respect for Agile/Lean development and best practices
Excellent written, verbal, and presentation communication skill with attention to detail
Ability to work effectively both individually and as a part of a team
Ability to pair code using remote pairing tools and ability to prepare code for review and to review completed code
Understanding of customer needs and business strategy
Degree in Computer Science or related or comparable business experience
Experience in all phases of the web application development cycle and working with a mix of web technologies. Ruby on Rails experience optimal, Comparable open source web framework experience acceptable
Broad programming experience with depth in several languages. Ruby, Javascript, optimal. Additional language experience preferred
Mobile development experience, mobile web, iOS, Android, etc., desirable
SQL competence
DSCM experience such as git
Works collaboratively with the team to understand requirements and determine how to satisfy them.
Architects creative solutions to complex technical problems that span multiple technologies, teams, and departments.
Researches and learns technologies and methodologies pertinent to the system.
Builds new features and capabilities.
Ensures that their contributions exceed the expectations of their team and their customers.
Solid understanding of UX best practices.
Strong proficiency and proven success developing internet-facing applications with Angular.
Strong proficiency with HTML and CSS.
Experience with Perl and/or other scripting languages like JavaScript.
Experience with C++ or C# is a plus.
Experience implementing and deploying client-server web applications is a plus.
Experience with SQL is a plus.
Working knowledge and experience with AWS and Redshift or similar cloud hosting environments is a plus.
Excellent communication skills.
LINUX experience is a plus.
Ability to define and improve development practices and policies.
Ability to estimate, design and develop new modules and complex enhancements to the system.
Ability to provide accurate estimates and impact of changes or enhancements.
Ability to suggest design options for concept product features or enhancements.
Has knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures.
5 - 10 years of software development experience required
Experience with the following technologies:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Linux OS, Bash script, Java, C++
Excellent verbal / written communication and organizational skills
Team-oriented personality
Experience with satellite communications protocols
Experience with satellite ground data systems
Experience with the Landsat program
Python, Javascript, JSON, Dart and HTML5
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, or similar field
5 - 10 years with a Bachelors Degree
Bachelor's degree or equivalent years of experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Biomedical Engineering with 3 to 5 years of experience in software development
Experience
Experience developing C/C++ applications
Exposure to complete SDLC, proven development experience in object oriented programming, developing automated unit / module test, design documentation.
Experience developing multi-threaded applications on CPU or GPU
Experience with Windows operating system
Knowledge of the software development life cycle including requirements, architecture and design, code development, and verification
Demonstrates mastery of C/C++
Demonstrates skills with Microsoft Visual C++
Experience in UI toolkits like Qt, Angular JS. Experience in Boost or equivalent is plus
Learns and uses software engineering tools such as code review applications, configuration management applications, and integrated development environment
Demonstrates strong organizational and interpersonal skills working in a cross-functional, regulated environment
Good written and verbal communication skills
Must pass background check and drug test.
Team-oriented software engineering.
Experience delivering real-world solutions and products.
Excellent background in C++, Python, and Linux with 3+ years experience
Help develop products and interactions for Zocdoc Patients, non-Zocdoc Patients and Providers.
Contribute to new product design and architecture.
Learn the unique challenges of scaling a high-growth environment with millions of monthly users.
Work collaboratively with teams like design, data science. devops and more!
Learn from bright and talented engineers on our team.
Computer science degree preferred.
Recent graduate or 1+ years of industry experience.
Curiosity and vision; you have a passion for technology and can think critically about performance, scalability, and reliability of software.
Technical chops; You have designed and implemented fast and efficient software solutions to real-life problems using object-oriented languages, leveraging relational/non-relational database technology, and cloud technologies.
You have built and deployed client facing web applications that scale.
An incredible team of smart, supportive people
A home in our award-winning, sunlit office in SoHo
Free catered lunches every day, and endless snacks
An outstanding health plan, 100% employer-covered
Competitive compensation package, including stock options
The opportunity to help us create a better healthcare experience and positively impact millions of people's lives!
7+ years of software development experience on large scale, high-volume systems
Passion in creating best-in-class software and following best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations
Strong understanding of Java multithreading, concurrency and memory management
Proficient with open source Java technologies like Spring, Hibernate, and Struts
Proficient working with relational databases as well as NoSQL technologies like Redis and Riak
Experience building service-oriented solutions and RESTful microservices
Experience working in any of the following areas: Crawling; Big Data; Internationalization
Bonus: Familiarity with front-end technologies such as JSP, JSTL, HTML, CSS and Javascript.
 Extra Bonus Points: you're fun to be around!
Work with purpose – join us in creating transparency for job seekers everywhere
Glassdoor gives back! Glassdoor is a Pledge 1% member; all employees receive 3 paid volunteer days per year
100% company paid medical/dental/vision/life coverage, with 80% dependent coverage
Equity in a late stage startup backed by top-tier VCs
Conveniently located office in the heart of downtown San Francisco (Embarcadero)
Fully-stocked break rooms with complimentary food and drinks
Paid holidays and flexible paid time off
Your choice between Mac or PC
3+ years of software development experience with microservices, SOA, , etc
1+ year(s) experience working on large scale platforms.
Strong Java based tech stack (Java, Spring, MVC).
Direct experience with database related development (SQL, JPA, NoSQL, etc).
Experience with threads, multi-processing and scaling.
An open source collaborative mentality that includes peer review and testing.
A drive to contribute to open source projects or side projects.
Bachelors degree in computer science or related area.
Design and develop highly-scalable elastic cloud architecture that seamlessly integrates with on-premises systems.
Challenge and redefine existing architectural fundamentals in order to provide next level of performance and scalability; ability to foresee post-deployment design challenges, performance and scale bottlenecks.
Work with multi-cultural, geographically distributed teams and closely coordinate with cross-functional teams in multiple time zones.
Deliver enterprise-grade products to customers and continuously work with engineering team to refine products in the field.
Mentor interns and junior engineers, collaborate with Operations, and work closely with CTO on roadmap items.
Extensive penetration testing to ensure security across a hybrid deployment between public/private cloud.
Monitor and manage 700+ nodes using modern DevOps tools and APM solutions.
Proactive performance and exception analysis.
Demonstrated success designing and developing complex systems
Expertise with multi-tenant, highly complex, cloud solutions. Experience with Hybrid and/or on premises solutions desired.
Experience owning all aspects of software engineering, from design to implementation, QA and maintenance
Experience with the following technologies: Java, SQL, Linux, Python, Nginx, Haproxy, BigQuery, HBase, New Relic,Graphite, and/or Puppet
Data driven decision process
Relies on unit testing instead of manual QA
Experience in working with AWS or GCE is preferred
Knowledge in DevOps techniques
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret engineering specifications, general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, specifications, business correspondence, test plans / protocols and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Ability to clearly and concisely convey project accomplishments, obstacles, issues, and status to project team members.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to use basic engineering tools to perform calculations and simulations and interpret project results/data.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. Ability to read technical and clinical literature and documents and extract important concepts.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be required to perform lifting tasks of up to 10 pounds for short durations. The employee will be required to use a computer for up to 8 hours consecutively Duties of this job may involve standing and/or walking for extended periods of time. Duties also involve daily keyboard data entry. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and color vision.
Comfortable with dipping into the front-end when necessary, e.g. to connect controller actions with forms and tables
Comfortable working with third-party APIs, both with those that provide Ruby bindings and those that do not, and connecting them with existing code
A high standard for creating robust and reliable software
Ready for handling multiple responsibilities and changing requirements for applications
Can work efficiently in-house or in a remote environment
Adding new features and bug fixes for our products
Diagnosing issues, simplifying, and refactoring for efficiency in our existing back-end code
Adding functionality to our Stripe integrations
Writing code for collecting, manipulating, and displaying data from our products, including statistics and analytics
Ruby on Rails (Rails 4)
RSpec
MongoDB, including Mongoid ODM
Redis
Stripe Ruby API
Git (specifically, a multi-branch workflow)
HAML, SLIM & ERB
Heroku
MongoDB
Redis
Sidekiq
SCM with Git
CI with Wercker
PM with Redmine
Amazon Web Services for assets
Base Salary + Cache Rewards
Competitive Health, Dental and Vision benefits
Work from our Los Angeles, CA based offices
Loose vacation policy
Flexible work hours
Free Daily Lunch + Coffee + Snacks
Frequent company happy hours, get togethers and good times!
Effective and positive interaction with customers, internal staff and support vendors.
Knowledge of commonly used concepts, standard practices and procedures.
Adapt to rapidly changing technology and requirements.
Effectively document all incidents and requests using Service Desk solution.
Complete tasks with minimal direction.
Considerable initiative and judgment required. &lt;br/&gt;Notice:
This job description is not designed or intended to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Other duties, responsibilities and activities may change or be assigned at any time with or without notice. &lt;br/&gt;Language Skills:
Ability to read, analyze and interpret general business periodicals, professionals journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers and the general public.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference and fundamental mathematics and the ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios and proportions to practical situations.
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists.
Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form.
Ability to understand and demonstrate Aunt Martha's 5-step Performance Improvement process, utilizing the methodology PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act).
Ability to use technical skills and apply knowledge necessary for this position.
Ability to demonstrate accuracy and thoroughness while performing the duties of this position.
Be knowledgeable about and follow Aunt Martha's safety policies and procedures at all times and as revised from time to time.
Required to work evenings as needed or requested.
Required to carry a cellphone and respond to staff or supervisor requests in a timely manner.
Required to drive to several agency locations throughout the State of Illinois as needed or requested.
Valid driver's license in the State of Illinois. Current auto insurance and a good driving record.
4 years of experience in the IT Industry
4 years of MS SQL server SSIS/SSRS/SSAS experience with data modeling for both transactional and reporting data schemas.
4 years of hands on software development experience with Microsoft technologies
3 years of VBA programming experience
3 years of experience in delivering projects using agile methodology
1 year of SQL queries tuning and optimization experience
1 year of experience with Power BI
Experience in financial modeling, forecasting, and analysis is preferred.
A clear communication style that translates to both verbal and written discussions
Ability to weigh priorities and manage multiple simultaneous projects
Demonstratepassion about programming, your projects, and working for an awesome company
Provide guidance to junior developers through mentoring, code reviews, and presentations
Full benefits – health, dental, and vision
Working in a team of wicked-smart, yet down-to-earth developers who challenge you to be your best everyday
3 weeks PTO, 8 paid holidays, and 2 paid floating holidays per year
Flex Time and Work from Home options
Personal training and on-site gym
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Under general guidance, performs technical work requiring application of basic software development methodologies to complete assignments to required standards of quality and timeliness; participates in discussions regarding project approach and planning; implements designs with some guidance and supervision; expected to perform code reviews on their own areas of responsibility; delivers quality work product while gaining experience and knowledge in specific area of assignment and general background in company methods of operation and procedures
Performs specific and limited portions of a broader project assigned to a higher level Software Engineer; solicits input and expertise to carry out assignment correctly; emphasis is on following the software development process and adherence to standards in order to produce high quality software
Applies the company's software engineering processes and standards
Communicates technical issues within scope of assignment
Establishes and maintains thorough and accurate documentation of all work; communicates technical issues within scope of assignment; may assist with technical specification documentation and review
Implements, unit tests, debugs and integrates code of assigned projects; performs preliminary tests to verify the functionality, accuracy, and efficiency of developed or enhanced software; performs maintenance functions to correct errors as necessary; documents and reviews all results with higher level engineer
Learns principles of continuous work practice improvement through involvement in post project review; implements and maintains quality improvements to process and products as they are introduced into the development process
Coordinates own development activities on routine work and cooperates with other programmers and scrum team members on technical aspects related to the project
Engages in continuous learning both on the job and through technical training in order to expand and enhance technical expertise and competency and keep pace with technology advancements
Bachelor's degree or equivalent in computer science, electrical engineering, or related field; equivalent experience may be substituted for formal education
Demonstrated understanding of Computer Science fundamentals (e.g., algorithms, data structures); basic proficiency in a programming language(s) (e.g., C, C++, Java)
Understanding of basic software lifecycle process
Basic understanding of networking and data communications
Demonstrated capability for solving problems across multiple sub-disciplines of software engineering; for example:
Capability of describing approaches to software test within projects
Proven capability for finding solutions to algorithm and programming problems, developing solutions, and reasoning about them
Demonstrated ability to investigate and find defects in software
Engineers with a Security focus will also have basic technical knowledge in one or more of the following areas: computer and network security theory, information security engineering, authentication and access control systems, secure software development methodology, penetration testing, applied cryptography, technical security standards, policies and management frameworks
Strong C++, or Java
Strong JavaScript
Strong understanding of Software design and Object Oriented Programming
Nice to have:
Functional programming
Python
Collaborate with other developers, architects, QA, system engineers and product managers in solving new and existing technical issues
Understand requirements, implement designs, provide administration tools, and documentation for specific projects
Develop in C# .NET environment, developing Web Applications, WCF, Web Services and Web APIs
Perform regular on-call duties
Participate in Design and Code Reviews
Follow and enhance existing development processes
Measure and verify that new and old code has acceptable performance and scalability
Maintain ownership of the projects assigned
Consistently meet project deadlines
Object Oriented programming experience
Experience in general software development methodologies
Experience with .Net 3.5/4.0/4.5 framework and C# required
Strong experience in building ASP.NET MVC (preferably versions 3.0, 4.0 or 5.0) applications.
Strong understanding of IIS/RESTful API/Web Service / XML
Direct experience in SQL Server
Ability to understand and start projects quickly
Team-oriented experience and very good oral and written communication highly desired
Any experience with OCR (Optical Character Recognition)
Any experience with document scanning libraries (Atalasoft)
Any experience with AEM (Adobe Experience Manager)
Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more
Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training
Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
Up-to-date with frontend web technologies
Familiarity with responsive web design techniques
Git experience on a large team or open-source projects
Knowledge of Flow, ImmutableJS
History of working with Backbone.js or jQuery
Some experience building frontend applications using Angular
Experience using Grunt, NPM and linting
Experience with designing user interfaces
Familiarity with PHP or other backend frameworks
Experience with Linux
Understanding of how APIs and HTTP work
Experience with MongoDB, Redis, MySQL or other backend technologies
Ability to relocate anywhere within the US
Eligible to work in the US on permanent basis
Competitive Compensation
Relocation Assistance
Housing Assistance
Health, Vision & Dental Insurance
Paid Time Off
Industry Certifications
Enterprise level development training
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire Revature career.
Experience with one of the world's most largest and most reputable companies in the US
5+ years of experience developing
Experience with front and back end
Database experience
Experience with Node.js
Experience with Javascript
Experience with React JS
Job CodeSG - 10479
Pay Rate/SalaryUSD - 40/Hourly/W-2
ExperienceN/A
Work AuthorizationCitizen,GC,H4 EAD
Sales ManagerVansh Tomar
Contact Person Details Vansh Tomar Executive - Bench SalesO-N :
You'll apply problem solving techniques and outside the box thinking to everything you do.
A successful junior developer will express deep aptitude to learn engineering best practices and development methodologies in an Agile environment.
You will develop & support new and existing applications using either AngularJS or Magento and PHP programming languages.
Become a product-oriented Web Developer creating and experimenting with new ideas that will engage and excite our customers.
Work closely with Product Owners, Analysts, and SQA in an Agile environment to ensure quality, security, and that code meets development standards and guidelines.
Test software used in medical devices, and ensure the integration runs successfully
Validate the application as per the requirements
Mainly do functional testing & test all functions of the medical device.
Will be executing test cases
An individual with high attention to detail
Must be logical and analytical If you like solving puzzles you probably are logical!
Should have a degree in one of these fields Bachelors in Engineering, OR Computer Science OR Bio-Medical engineering OR Bachelor of Science (with a major in any engineering or computer science).
Stability - QualiTest Group is a well-established, dynamic, stable company. We are the nations largest pure play testing and QA company.
Learning opportunities - Gain hands-on project experience, exposure to multiple projects, environments, testing tools and programming languages!
Welfare - We tailor our benefits to our employees needs; School tuition reimbursements, free gym membership, and more.
Culture All QualiTesters help to shape and build our company culture with a simple goal, to love coming to work.
Growth - QualiTesters have growth opportunities to move into management and continually move up the career ladder
Global  With branches across the world, we always have new exciting opportunities around the corner
Teamwork- Like working in a proactive team where your input and ability are valued? QualiTest is your place!
Visit our website at www.qualitestgroup.com
Click here to check out our office vibe & culture
For more job openings, check our Career page: http://qa-jobs.qualitestgroup.com/
This person needs to be proactive & a good communicator
Ability to communicate and work well within a team
Understanding of web technologies (Browsers, HTML, Web Services, Databases)
Experience with both compiled and interpreted languages
Demonstrated desire to learn and apply new techniques/technologies
Demonstrated ability to solve programming problems in a variety of ways and languages
Bachelors degree
Understanding of Agile programming principles/practices&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Scrum
Test-driven development
Experience with and knowledge of specific languages/frameworks:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;C#/ASP.NET4/5
MVC5
JavaScript/Angular
EntityFramework
Linq
MS SQL including SSRS/SSIS
Front-end experience: have built/maintained a real web site using CSS, HTML, JavaScript
Back-end experience: have built/maintained a real program/library
Experience using development tools:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Task runners/build controllers (e.g. Grunt)
Distributed version control (e.g. Git)
Integrated development environments (e.g. Visual Studio)
nUnit
Valid driver license and dependable transportation
Know Java and at least one other programming language really well
At least 4 years of relevant work experience
Be able to handle light front-end development: HTTP, session cookies, form handling, HTML/javascript
Be comfortable with third-party backend API integrations
Be comfortable with databases: schema design, queries, performance
Bachelors in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
Experience with e-commerce platforms, shopping carts, payment gateways
Mobile development experience
Big data and analytics experience
Experience with Spring, Grails, Rails, or other application frameworks
Experience with jQuery, AngularJS, or other javascript toolkits
Experience scaling large web applications
Experience with AWS
A passion for engineering - You are an experienced server-side developer with a proven track record of delivering great software.
Experience in Java, JEE, Spring frameworks, Spring-boot, Tomcat, Hibernate, multi-threading, and caching techniques
Experience with designing, implementing, building, and deploying secure & scalable API (Rest/GraphQL)
TDD - You write code that is tested and testable and you take responsibility for the quality of the code you produce.
Nice to have: experience with semantic HTML and HTML5, CSS3, Sass and/or LESS
Nice to have: Micro-services using container solution like Docker and CI/CD using Docker Swam/kubernetes
Have a positive energy and enthusiasm - cultural fit is a big deal for us, were looking for smart people who are excited about solving big problems and are self-motivated to get things done.
Big technical problems to solve - Youll have the chance to push boundaries and learn from an excellent team.
The opportunity to work for one of the coolest hyper-growth companies in technology.
Be part of our award-winning working Software Development environments in York, Paris and San Francisco.
A long list of incredible benefits worthy of a leading Silicon Valley tech firm. We offer highly competitive packages - were serious about attracting the best technologists in the industry.
A rewarding career with a company that values diversity and invests in you. Youll be working with super smart people who are pushing Java to its limits.
Strong C and C++ development skills.
Excellent software engineering habits.
Familiarity with development in Linux-based environments.
Experience with version control systems such as Subversion and Mercurial.
Working knowledge of software debugging and profiling tools.
Solid background in data structures and algorithms.
Experience with complex robotic applications including perception and planning;
Experience with embedded systems and real-time operating systems; and
Strong math skills and familiarity with linear algebra.
Resume
Short statement as to why you think you have what is needed for this position.
Code sample(s) (link or download)
Two current references (including email, phone and basis for reference). We will contact your references and verify that you have the drive, attitude and skills to succeed as a Software Engineer in our environment.
Ability to work independently on standalone projects or as part of a small team
Strong Java experience required (experience with other languages is a major plus as evidence of a strong development background)
Strong Hibernate and Spring experience is required
HTML and JavaScript experience is required
SQL experience required
Android or iOS experience is preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the united states without sponsorship
Monday through Friday
Equity
17 PTO Days
Competitive Salary
Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, and 401(k) benefits are offered
Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills
Proficient in object oriented design principles and programming in C#
Knowledge of Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 or newer
Familiarity with source control (e.g. TFS, GIT, SVN)
Ability to have fun while working in a fast-paced environment
Understanding of material handling concepts
Agile methods and practices
Relational database application programming
Microsoft Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF)
Web Services or Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Experience writing device interfaces for I/O and TCP/IP based devices
Experience with UI/UX
Experience with WPF
Experience developing software using revision control software, TFS experience preferred
Experience creating automated tests, MSTest experience preferred
Experience with SEMI standards
Experience with Agile/Scrum software development methodologies
Experience with Cimetrix products
Bachelors of Science in Computer Science, related engineering degree, or proven industry experience
5+ years experience developing application software or components for Windows applications to solve industry/business problems in a team development environment
Some domestic and international travel is required, usually less than 25%
Experience with Java and / or Python
Understanding of the Map Reduce paradigm
Basic SQL knowledge
Solid understanding of relational database
Experience programming in Java on Linux or Windows development environments
Working towards degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Electrical Engineering, or other technical field.
Ability to quickly learn new technologies
Ability to work independently as well as on a team
Ability to take direction and complete assigned tasks
Ability to prioritize tasks and manage time efficiently
High level of initiative and self-motivation
Self-starter you can prioritize tasks and deliver on-time
Strong communicator
Collaborative team player
Build scalable systems
Contribute to core framework and components
Develop and maintain app components
Build and design solutions that mitigate risk and increase efficiencies
Design and implement APIs
DevOps
3+ years relevant experience
Bachelors Degree in a technical field
Prior experience in financial services, FinTech or at web startups
Python experience
Demonstrated ability to work with large, complex data sets
Experience developing for cloud systems (AWS, Google and/or Microsoft)
Exposure to Java, Node.js and comfortable with Linux
Understanding of financial products and equities, a big plus! &lt;br/&gt;SDL2017
Effective management skills as you will be managing and mentoring engineers.
Experience working in a continuous integration environment.
Experience working in an environment with Agile practices.
Experience working with product managers, designers, stakeholders.
Good understanding of how to work effectively with microservices and a service-oriented architecture.
In-depth knowledge of agile process and principles. You live agile and know how to lead in agile, cross-functional teams
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal)
Excellent communication skills
Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical customers
Agile software development experience
Model-based engineering architecture and design experience
Experience in development with/of web components
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Physics or Mathematics from an accredited college or university
Must be able to pass a U.S. Government background investigation
Strong leadership capabilities
Experience in leading software engineering teams across the entire development lifecycle
A minimum of 7 years' experience in engineering software-based systems
Experience in development with HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and C#.
UML or SysML Experience
10+ years of experience object oriented programming.
10+ years of experience with C#, ASP.NET, .Net Core, Oracle and SQL Server.
2+ years of experience with JavaScript, Angular or React
Experience with Docker
Experience in Agile development.
Implementation of tools for data visualization across data sources.
Experience capturing requirements from end users and developing formal technical specifications.
Ability to manage multiple, concurrent initiatives, maintain own workflow and meet deadlines.
Ability to work in a dynamic fast paced team environment.
BS in Computer Science, Life Sciences or Engineering.
Strong understanding of object-oriented programming, including design patterns.
Skill for writing reusable libraries
Familiarity with RESTful services.
Familiarity with continuous integration methodologies and tools such as Jenkins
Professional experience building consumer-scale internet applications
Comfortable in multiple languages. Some of our favorites are: Python, Go, Ruby, Perl.
Experience with container technologies (e.g., Kubernetes, ECS, DC/OS, Mesosphere)
Experience with writing high performant SQL (e.g., MySQL, MariaDB, Postgres)
Experience designing services that run in the cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure).
A collaborative team culture
Relaxed environment
Flexible work-life-balance
Access to ongoing training and Employee Assistance programs
Proficiency with of OOP and Python.
Proficiency with either modern web application frameworks Django or Flask.
Experience building and consuming RESTful web applications and services.
Experience with SQL Databases like MySQL and PostgreSQL.
Ability to solve complex business problems by writing simple, effective code.
Ability to leverage structured formats like JSON, YAML, XML to build scalable, testable RESTful applications.
Experience with at least one SCM system like Git.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
B.S./M.S. in Computer Science or related degree.
Experience with NoSQL technologies like CouchDB, Redis.
Experience with AWS or other cloud providers.
Experience with mobile web application development.
Experience with Agile Software Development and Test-Driven Development.
Creative thinker and team player, with good communication skills and desire to make differences
Experienced with Python and Django/Flask framework
Experienced with Javascript and any frontend framework (Vue/React/Angular).
Experience with both relational DB and NoSQL DB.
Experience with docker/Kubernetes is a big plus
Experience with Go is a plus, we need you to work closely with backend systems.
Knowledge on Web security, Network Security is a plus
2+ years experience preferred
BS/MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering &lt;br/&gt;Learn more about Palo Alto Networks here and check out our &lt;strong&gt;fast facts&lt;/strong&gt;